
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.196139                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1196139241000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1196139241000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 553961                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   705843                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            10781179789                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 425360                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   110.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61460236                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      78311148                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd     51904512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           393164                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4714556                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           324676                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4804536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             62141956                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       393164                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       324676                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          717840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4110528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       3010344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7137872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd       6488064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             73739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              5164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             75099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               6654445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           64227                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           752586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               821063                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        43393369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            54                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              328694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             3941478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker            54                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              271437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             4016703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51952109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         328694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         271437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             600131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3436496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data              14212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            2516717                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                5967426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3436496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       43393369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           54                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker          107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             328694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3955690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker           54                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             271437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            6533420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               57919534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       6654445                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       821063                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     6654445                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     821063                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                425854976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     29504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7264576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  62141956                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7137872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      461                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  707541                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          12043                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              415328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              415204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              415403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              415627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              422407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              415617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              415785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              415500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              416027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              415632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             415316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             414840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             415044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             415557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             415554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             415143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                6946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1196134740000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6849                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                 6488064                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  159532                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 756836                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  64227                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    627903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    474579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    475456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   1579907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   1133019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1127067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   1123495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     24904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     24218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      9367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     9281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     9166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     8936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     8867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     8833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     8794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      5159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      5163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      5160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      5160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        74432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     5818.973345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     397.615709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   13075.139994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-71          25664     34.48%     34.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-135        15269     20.51%     54.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-199         3288      4.42%     59.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-263         2378      3.19%     62.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-327         1591      2.14%     64.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-391         1326      1.78%     66.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-455         1035      1.39%     67.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-519         1141      1.53%     69.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-583          724      0.97%     70.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-647          588      0.79%     71.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-711          595      0.80%     72.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-775          643      0.86%     72.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-839          322      0.43%     73.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-903          287      0.39%     73.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-967          216      0.29%     73.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1031          358      0.48%     74.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1095          180      0.24%     74.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1159          137      0.18%     74.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1223          142      0.19%     75.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1287          152      0.20%     75.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1351          122      0.16%     75.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1415         2272      3.05%     78.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1479          131      0.18%     78.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1543          156      0.21%     78.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1607           73      0.10%     78.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1671           70      0.09%     79.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1735           46      0.06%     79.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1799          130      0.17%     79.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1863           52      0.07%     79.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1927           26      0.03%     79.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1991           15      0.02%     79.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2055          134      0.18%     79.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2119           21      0.03%     79.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2183           20      0.03%     79.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2247           27      0.04%     79.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2311           25      0.03%     79.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2375           14      0.02%     79.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2439           24      0.03%     79.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2503           22      0.03%     79.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2567           90      0.12%     79.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2631           23      0.03%     79.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2695            8      0.01%     79.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2759           25      0.03%     80.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2823           35      0.05%     80.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2887           11      0.01%     80.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2951           26      0.03%     80.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3015            8      0.01%     80.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3079          105      0.14%     80.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3143           21      0.03%     80.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3207            6      0.01%     80.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3271            7      0.01%     80.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3335           41      0.06%     80.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3399            7      0.01%     80.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3463            9      0.01%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3527           26      0.03%     80.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3591           85      0.11%     80.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3655            5      0.01%     80.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3719           20      0.03%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3783           29      0.04%     80.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3847           86      0.12%     80.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3911           19      0.03%     80.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3975            4      0.01%     80.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4039            4      0.01%     80.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4103          202      0.27%     81.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4167            3      0.00%     81.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4231            6      0.01%     81.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4295           17      0.02%     81.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4359           18      0.02%     81.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4423            2      0.00%     81.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4487           18      0.02%     81.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4551            2      0.00%     81.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4615           20      0.03%     81.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4679           17      0.02%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4743            3      0.00%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4807            2      0.00%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4871           92      0.12%     81.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4935            4      0.01%     81.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4999            6      0.01%     81.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5063           17      0.02%     81.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5127           96      0.13%     81.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5191            3      0.00%     81.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5255           19      0.03%     81.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5383           30      0.04%     81.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5447          172      0.23%     81.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5511           59      0.08%     81.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5639            8      0.01%     81.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5703            1      0.00%     81.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5895           88      0.12%     81.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6023            2      0.00%     81.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6151          223      0.30%     82.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6343            1      0.00%     82.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6407           29      0.04%     82.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6535            2      0.00%     82.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6599            1      0.00%     82.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6663           24      0.03%     82.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6919           22      0.03%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7047            1      0.00%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7111            1      0.00%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7175          158      0.21%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7367            1      0.00%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7431           33      0.04%     82.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7623            1      0.00%     82.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7687           14      0.02%     82.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7751            1      0.00%     82.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7815            1      0.00%     82.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7943           10      0.01%     82.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8199          260      0.35%     83.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8391            1      0.00%     83.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8455            7      0.01%     83.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8711           14      0.02%     83.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8967           33      0.04%     83.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9095            1      0.00%     83.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9159            1      0.00%     83.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9223          155      0.21%     83.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9280-9287            2      0.00%     83.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9479           19      0.03%     83.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9664-9671            1      0.00%     83.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9735           22      0.03%     83.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9991           27      0.04%     83.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10247          223      0.30%     83.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10368-10375            1      0.00%     83.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10503           89      0.12%     83.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10759            6      0.01%     83.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11015           22      0.03%     83.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11072-11079            1      0.00%     83.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11136-11143            2      0.00%     83.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11200-11207            1      0.00%     83.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11271           98      0.13%     84.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11527           76      0.10%     84.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11648-11655            1      0.00%     84.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11783           19      0.03%     84.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11904-11911            1      0.00%     84.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12039           15      0.02%     84.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12295          169      0.23%     84.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12352-12359            1      0.00%     84.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12416-12423            1      0.00%     84.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12480-12487            1      0.00%     84.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12551           85      0.11%     84.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12807           80      0.11%     84.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13063           20      0.03%     84.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13184-13191            1      0.00%     84.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13319           90      0.12%     84.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13504-13511            1      0.00%     84.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13575           22      0.03%     84.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13831           82      0.11%     84.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14016-14023            1      0.00%     84.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14087            7      0.01%     84.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14215            2      0.00%     84.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14272-14279            1      0.00%     84.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14343           95      0.13%     85.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14599          100      0.13%     85.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14656-14663            2      0.00%     85.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14855           74      0.10%     85.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15040-15047            1      0.00%     85.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15111           18      0.02%     85.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15367          105      0.14%     85.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15488-15495            1      0.00%     85.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15623           76      0.10%     85.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15879           18      0.02%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16000-16007            1      0.00%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16064-16071            1      0.00%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16135           76      0.10%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16256-16263            1      0.00%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16391          161      0.22%     85.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16512-16519            2      0.00%     85.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16647           77      0.10%     86.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16768-16775            1      0.00%     86.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16896-16903           23      0.03%     86.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17024-17031            2      0.00%     86.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17159           72      0.10%     86.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17415          107      0.14%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17536-17543            1      0.00%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17671           15      0.02%     86.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17927           76      0.10%     86.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18112-18119            1      0.00%     86.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18183           97      0.13%     86.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18439          102      0.14%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18624-18631            2      0.00%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18688-18695            4      0.01%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18752-18759            1      0.00%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-18951           78      0.10%     86.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19207           26      0.03%     86.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19328-19335            2      0.00%     86.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19392-19399            1      0.00%     86.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19463           82      0.11%     86.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19719           16      0.02%     86.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19975           83      0.11%     87.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20231           81      0.11%     87.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20352-20359            2      0.00%     87.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20487          176      0.24%     87.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20608-20615            2      0.00%     87.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20743           17      0.02%     87.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-20999           12      0.02%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21056-21063            1      0.00%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21248-21255           73      0.10%     87.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21376-21383            2      0.00%     87.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21511           87      0.12%     87.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21696-21703            1      0.00%     87.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21767           23      0.03%     87.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22023           10      0.01%     87.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22279           89      0.12%     87.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22400-22407            1      0.00%     87.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22535          223      0.30%     88.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22784-22791           27      0.04%     88.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22848-22855            1      0.00%     88.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23047           22      0.03%     88.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23296-23303           25      0.03%     88.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23424-23431            2      0.00%     88.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23559          145      0.19%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23680-23687            1      0.00%     88.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23815           30      0.04%     88.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24071           16      0.02%     88.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24128-24135            1      0.00%     88.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24327            8      0.01%     88.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24583          269      0.36%     88.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24704-24711            1      0.00%     88.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24839            5      0.01%     88.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25095           15      0.02%     88.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25351           32      0.04%     88.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25472-25479            2      0.00%     88.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25536-25543            1      0.00%     88.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25607          144      0.19%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25664-25671            1      0.00%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25792-25799            1      0.00%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25856-25863           22      0.03%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25920-25927            1      0.00%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26119           20      0.03%     89.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26176-26183            2      0.00%     89.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26375           26      0.03%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26432-26439            1      0.00%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26496-26503            1      0.00%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26631          224      0.30%     89.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26887           85      0.11%     89.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26944-26951            1      0.00%     89.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27143            6      0.01%     89.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27399           26      0.03%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27456-27463            2      0.00%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27655           89      0.12%     89.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27712-27719            1      0.00%     89.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27911           73      0.10%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28167           18      0.02%     89.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28423           16      0.02%     89.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28480-28487            1      0.00%     89.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28544-28551            1      0.00%     89.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28679          161      0.22%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28800-28807            1      0.00%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28864-28871            2      0.00%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28935           84      0.11%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29191           80      0.11%     90.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29447           15      0.02%     90.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29703           89      0.12%     90.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-29959           19      0.03%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30215           82      0.11%     90.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30272-30279            2      0.00%     90.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30471            5      0.01%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30528-30535            1      0.00%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30592-30599            1      0.00%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30656-30663            1      0.00%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30727           93      0.12%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30784-30791            1      0.00%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-30983           97      0.13%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31104-31111            1      0.00%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31239           74      0.10%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31296-31303            1      0.00%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31495           16      0.02%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31751          105      0.14%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31872-31879            1      0.00%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31936-31943            2      0.00%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32007           73      0.10%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32256-32263           21      0.03%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32519           75      0.10%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32640-32647            1      0.00%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32704-32711            1      0.00%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32775          157      0.21%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32832-32839            1      0.00%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32896-32903            1      0.00%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33031           81      0.11%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33287           29      0.04%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33344-33351            2      0.00%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33543           73      0.10%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33664-33671            1      0.00%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33799          105      0.14%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33920-33927            1      0.00%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34048-34055           16      0.02%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34311           71      0.10%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34432-34439            1      0.00%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34567           97      0.13%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34752-34759            1      0.00%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34823           90      0.12%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34944-34951            1      0.00%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35008-35015            1      0.00%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35079            3      0.00%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35328-35335           81      0.11%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35584-35591           18      0.02%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35847           87      0.12%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36096-36103           13      0.02%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36224-36231            1      0.00%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36352-36359           79      0.11%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36608-36615           84      0.11%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36672-36679            2      0.00%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36871          156      0.21%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36992-36999            1      0.00%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37056-37063            1      0.00%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37120-37127           14      0.02%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37376-37383           16      0.02%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37632-37639           75      0.10%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37895           86      0.12%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38080-38087            1      0.00%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38151           24      0.03%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38407            6      0.01%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38528-38535            1      0.00%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38592-38599            1      0.00%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38656-38663           85      0.11%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38919          221      0.30%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39104-39111            1      0.00%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39168-39175           25      0.03%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39360-39367            3      0.00%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39431           18      0.02%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39552-39559            2      0.00%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39616-39623            1      0.00%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39680-39687           20      0.03%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39936-39943          142      0.19%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40000-40007            1      0.00%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40192-40199           32      0.04%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40448-40455           14      0.02%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40704-40711            5      0.01%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40967          265      0.36%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41216-41223            6      0.01%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41408-41415            1      0.00%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41472-41479           13      0.02%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41600-41607            2      0.00%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41728-41735           31      0.04%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41856-41863            1      0.00%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-41991          146      0.20%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42240-42247           24      0.03%     94.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42496-42503           20      0.03%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42752-42759           27      0.04%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43015          221      0.30%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43271           85      0.11%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43527            9      0.01%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43648-43655            2      0.00%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43776-43783           22      0.03%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43840-43847            1      0.00%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44039           84      0.11%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44224-44231            1      0.00%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44288-44295           73      0.10%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44480-44487            1      0.00%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44551           13      0.02%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44800-44807           17      0.02%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44928-44935            1      0.00%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45063          166      0.22%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45184-45191            1      0.00%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45312-45319           79      0.11%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45376-45383            1      0.00%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45575           82      0.11%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45696-45703            2      0.00%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45831           15      0.02%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46087           87      0.12%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46144-46151            1      0.00%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46336-46343           22      0.03%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46592-46599           79      0.11%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46855            6      0.01%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46912-46919            1      0.00%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46976-46983            1      0.00%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47111           93      0.12%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47232-47239            1      0.00%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47367          101      0.14%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47424-47431            1      0.00%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47616-47623           79      0.11%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47879           16      0.02%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48000-48007            2      0.00%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48135          127      0.17%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48192-48199            1      0.00%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48256-48263            1      0.00%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48384-48391           87      0.12%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48640-48647           17      0.02%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48704-48711            1      0.00%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48768-48775           11      0.01%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48896-48903           76      0.10%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48960-48967           12      0.02%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49024-49031            3      0.00%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49088-49095            5      0.01%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49159         2061      2.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          74432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   159552537250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              202473692250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  33269920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                  9651235000                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       23978.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1450.44                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30428.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         356.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           6.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       51.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        5.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                    6598277                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     94784                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  83.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       160007.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      98.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               4.90                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            68                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               57                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           40                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           57                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           40                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              57                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     59936382                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             7703367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7703367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             767572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            767572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             64227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            31703                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          17214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           12043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            137706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           137264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        10320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio          910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1972063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4365907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               17342035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2389894                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        20640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio         1820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17375316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     19787746                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            71692258                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               71692258                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1224733500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9246500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy              782500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy          9211003500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5080947314                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        14657701499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    69413                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                53013.525953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1672541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   134599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    12.426103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   40184.108166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     3710.656491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     4243.565236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     2.742460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker     0.001689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     2809.342303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2063.107654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.613161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.056620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.064752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.042867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.031481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.808922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1920                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8037                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000076                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994583                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 17211018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                17211018                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         3808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             419108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             205927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             464853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             143402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1246251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          571037                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               571037                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1156                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             566                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1722                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           216                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               318                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            56302                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            52763                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               109065                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          3808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          1739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              419108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              262229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          5506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              464853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              196165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1355316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         3808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1739                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             419108                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             262229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             464853                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             196165                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1355316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             5729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             7851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             5067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             3614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                22269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          4919                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          3647                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8566                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          560                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          475                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1035                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          67124                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          72582                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             139706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              5729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             74975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              5067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             76196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                161975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             5729                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            74975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             5067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            76196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               161975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        32000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    409309750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    588242499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    364513250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    283018000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1645686499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13362921                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11997484                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     25360405                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1671428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2463894                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      4135322                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4512260183                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5472708624                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9984968807                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        32000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    409309750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5100502682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    364513250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5755726624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     11630655306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        32000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    409309750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5100502682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    364513250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5755726624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    11630655306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         424837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         213778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         469920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         147016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1268520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       571037                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           571037                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6075                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         4213                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10288                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          776                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          577                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1353                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123426                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       125345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           248771                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          424837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          337204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          469920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          272361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1517291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         424837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         337204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         469920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         272361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1517291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.024582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.017555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.809712                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.865654                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.832621                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.721649                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.823224                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.764967                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.543840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.579058                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.561585                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.013485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.222343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.279761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.106753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.222343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.279761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.106753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        32000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71445.234770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74925.805502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        86750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71938.671798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78311.566132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73900.332256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2716.593007                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3289.685769                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2960.588956                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2984.692857                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5187.145263                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3995.480193                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67222.754648                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75400.355791                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71471.295485                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        32000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71445.234770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68029.378886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        86750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71938.671798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75538.435403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71805.249613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        32000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71445.234770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68029.378886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        86750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71938.671798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75538.435403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71805.249613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               64227                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    64227                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4919                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3647                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8566                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          560                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          475                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1035                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        67124                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        72582                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        139706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        74975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           161974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        74975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          161974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        20000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    336674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    490296499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    300318250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    238087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1365880249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49210416                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     36526138                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85736554                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5602558                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4753973                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10356531                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3645878311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4548664376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8194542687                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        20000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    336674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4136174810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    300318250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4786751376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9560422936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        20000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    336674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4136174810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    300318250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4786751376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9560422936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    345201250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  12449699492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      5636750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154292835997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167093373489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1043988495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  15722457655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16766446150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    345201250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13493687987                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      5636750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 170015293652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 183859819639                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.809712                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.865654                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.832621                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.721649                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.823224                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764967                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.543840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.579058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.222343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.279761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.106752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.222343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.279761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        20000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 58776.885475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62450.197300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59269.439511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65879.081350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61338.254401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10004.150437                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10015.392926                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10008.936960                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10004.567857                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10008.364211                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10006.310145                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54315.569856                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62669.317131                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58655.624576                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        20000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 58776.885475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55167.386596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59269.439511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62821.557247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59024.429452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        20000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 58776.885475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55167.386596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59269.439511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62821.557247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59024.429452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   119505667                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2535246                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2535246                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            767572                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           767572                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           571037                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           30983                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         17532                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          48515                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           260644                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          260644                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       863518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1226193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side         6137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        12684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       940579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      4601780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side         6235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        15427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7672553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     27216160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     41363346                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side         6964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        15236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     30075316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     39635324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side         7636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        22040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          138342022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             138342022                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus         4603396                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4759597686                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1923628472                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1753100289                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy           4396000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy           8875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy        2118090473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy        2927544636                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer8.occupancy           4326000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer9.occupancy           9917499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      45391376                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              7671402                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             7671402                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7950                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7950                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        30460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         8060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                15358704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        40178                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        16120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2389894                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total             54294406                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                54294406                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              4036000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                34000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               377000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               298000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy          6488064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374626000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         17778333501                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7064121                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      3756                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5649416                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      801                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    1711                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   143                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      204                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7067877                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5650217                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         12713537                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           4557                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     12718094                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    29561361                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      2205                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1181                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                29563566                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         29561361                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           2205                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     29563566                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2392278482                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   28863304                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     37189208                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             33114268                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3860                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1241816                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4372124                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    33114268                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3860                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          192166322                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          36246326                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3022                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                840                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13380719                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7401377                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5979342                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2246536230.490122                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              145742251.509878                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.060922                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.939078                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   46939                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           424872                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          509.359183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           29135959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           425384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            68.493312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      76218358000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.359183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         29986729                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        29986729                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     29135959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       29135959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     29135959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        29135959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     29135959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       29135959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       425385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       425385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       425385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        425385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       425385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       425385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5898245722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5898245722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5898245722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5898245722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5898245722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5898245722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     29561344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29561344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     29561344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     29561344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     29561344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     29561344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13865.664567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13865.664567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13865.664567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13865.664567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13865.664567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13865.664567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       425385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       425385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       425385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       425385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       425385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       425385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5045266278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5045266278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5045266278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5045266278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5045266278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5045266278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    437016250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    437016250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    437016250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    437016250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11860.470581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11860.470581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11860.470581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11860.470581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11860.470581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11860.470581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           329699                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          455.775151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           12258801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           330211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            37.124145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        667204250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   455.775151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.890186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.890186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         50852132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        50852132                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6594161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6594161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5344638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5344638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       148004                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       148004                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       149654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       149654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11938799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11938799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11938799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11938799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       227537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       227537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       141373                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       141373                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9339                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9339                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7481                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7481                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       368910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        368910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       368910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       368910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3307426746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3307426746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5667209233                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5667209233                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     93091750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     93091750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44245560                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     44245560                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8974635979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8974635979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8974635979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8974635979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6821698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6821698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5486011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5486011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       157343                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       157343                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       157135                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       157135                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12307709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12307709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12307709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12307709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059354                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059354                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.047609                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047609                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14535.775483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14535.775483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40086.927723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40086.927723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9968.064033                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9968.064033                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5914.391124                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5914.391124                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24327.440240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24327.440240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24327.440240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24327.440240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       305670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           305670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       227537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       227537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       141373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       141373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9339                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9339                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       368910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       368910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       368910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       368910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2850420254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2850420254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5353542767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5353542767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     74365250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74365250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29286440                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29286440                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8203963021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8203963021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8203963021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8203963021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13556999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13556999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1167889500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1167889500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  14724888500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14724888500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059354                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059354                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.047596                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047596                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12527.282394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12527.282394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37868.212226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37868.212226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7962.870757                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7962.870757                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3915.822971                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3915.822971                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22238.386113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22238.386113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22238.386113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22238.386113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     8319266                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      3647                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5834802                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1433                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1863                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   144                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      248                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 8322913                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5836235                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         14154068                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           5080                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     14159148                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    33207997                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      2171                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1276                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                33210168                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         33207997                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           2171                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     33210168                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2390803785                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   32596932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     41121940                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             37644247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6793                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     962790                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      3735035                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    37644247                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         6793                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          218344706                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          39781553                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                4535                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2260                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     14692820                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    8641241                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   6051579                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1874235342.195830                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              516568442.804169                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.216065                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.783935                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   44317                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           469929                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          478.566840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           32737552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           470441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            69.589071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      93987616500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   478.566840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.934701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.934701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         33678434                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        33678434                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     32737552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       32737552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     32737552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        32737552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     32737552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       32737552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       470441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       470441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       470441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        470441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       470441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       470441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6446126723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6446126723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6446126723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6446126723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6446126723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6446126723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     33207993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33207993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     33207993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     33207993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     33207993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     33207993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13702.306395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13702.306395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13702.306395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13702.306395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13702.306395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13702.306395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       470441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       470441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       470441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       470441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       470441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       470441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5503297277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5503297277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5503297277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5503297277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5503297277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5503297277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      7106250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7106250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      7106250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7106250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11698.166778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11698.166778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11698.166778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11698.166778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11698.166778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11698.166778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           292485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          471.346411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           11976402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           292833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            40.898403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      85276695250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   471.346411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.920598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.920598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.679688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         49497647                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        49497647                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6954137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6954137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4834149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4834149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        82001                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        82001                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        82789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        82789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     11788286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        11788286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     11788286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       11788286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       170721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       170721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       150254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       150254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        11274                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11274                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        10054                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10054                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       320975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        320975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       320975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       320975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2219304994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2219304994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6585994013                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6585994013                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     97542000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     97542000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     52010474                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     52010474                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8805299007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8805299007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8805299007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8805299007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      7124858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7124858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4984403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4984403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        93275                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        93275                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        92843                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        92843                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     12109261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12109261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12109261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12109261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.120868                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.120868                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.108290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.108290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12999.601654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12999.601654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 43832.403883                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43832.403883                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8651.942523                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8651.942523                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5173.112592                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5173.112592                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27432.974553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27432.974553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27432.974553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27432.974553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       265367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           265367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       170721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       170721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       150254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       150254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11274                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11274                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10053                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10053                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       320975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       320975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       320975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       320975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1877186006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1877186006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6262088987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6262088987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     74982000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74982000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     31903526                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31903526                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8139274993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8139274993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8139274993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8139274993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168608498500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168608498500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25182871345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25182871345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 193791369845                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 193791369845                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.120868                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120868                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.108280                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108280                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10995.636190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10995.636190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41676.687389                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41676.687389                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6650.878127                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6650.878127                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3173.532876                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3173.532876                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25357.971783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25357.971783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25357.971783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25357.971783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 651805197501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 651805197501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 651805197501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 651805197501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
