
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.526147                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2526146947500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2526146947500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57077                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    73443                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2390895648                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 424332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1056.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60306154                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77597242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    119537664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            796736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           9093720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            129431576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       796736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          796736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3782528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data        3016072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6798600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      14942208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              12449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             142125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15096836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           59102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data            754018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               813120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47320155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker           1317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               315396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              3599838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51236756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          315396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             315396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1497351                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data             1193942                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2691292                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1497351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47320155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker          1317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              315396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             4793780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53928049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15096836                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       813120                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    15096836                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     813120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                963731584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                   2465920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   6899264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 129431576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                6798600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                    38530                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  705302                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4683                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              943582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              943071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              939289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              939279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              943119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              943242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              939090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              938633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              943981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              943506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             938534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             937721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             943933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             943406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             939034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             938886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                6687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                6551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2526145872500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                      38                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                14942208                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  154590                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754018                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  59102                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1174955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                   1121426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                   1077218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3628637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2607777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2593781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2599800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     53131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     57465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     21079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    20890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    20765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    20515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    20363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    20256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    20150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      4766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      5448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      4875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      4866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      4857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      4818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      4828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     4808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     4790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     4794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     4788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     4798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     4790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        86110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    11271.974916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    1003.850407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   16772.129499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-71          23407     27.18%     27.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-135        14160     16.44%     43.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-199         2694      3.13%     46.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-263         2155      2.50%     49.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-327         1262      1.47%     50.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-391         1178      1.37%     52.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-455          892      1.04%     53.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-519         1078      1.25%     54.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-583          591      0.69%     55.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-647          609      0.71%     55.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-711          535      0.62%     56.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-775          547      0.64%     57.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-839          279      0.32%     57.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-903          297      0.34%     57.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-967          152      0.18%     57.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1031          456      0.53%     58.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1095          120      0.14%     58.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1159          137      0.16%     58.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1223           61      0.07%     58.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1287          169      0.20%     58.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1351           52      0.06%     59.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1415          508      0.59%     59.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1479           23      0.03%     59.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1543          260      0.30%     59.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1607           13      0.02%     59.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1671           93      0.11%     60.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1735           18      0.02%     60.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1799          141      0.16%     60.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1863           16      0.02%     60.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1927           46      0.05%     60.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1991           16      0.02%     60.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2055          376      0.44%     60.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2119           11      0.01%     60.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2183           34      0.04%     60.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2247           13      0.02%     60.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2311           70      0.08%     60.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2375            7      0.01%     60.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2439           29      0.03%     60.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2503            6      0.01%     60.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2567          165      0.19%     61.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2631            6      0.01%     61.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2695           16      0.02%     61.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2759            8      0.01%     61.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2823          175      0.20%     61.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2887           13      0.02%     61.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2951           17      0.02%     61.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3015            4      0.00%     61.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3079          306      0.36%     61.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3143           11      0.01%     61.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3207           15      0.02%     61.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3271            9      0.01%     61.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3335           94      0.11%     61.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3399           11      0.01%     61.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3463           22      0.03%     61.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3527            5      0.01%     62.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3591           99      0.11%     62.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3655            9      0.01%     62.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3719           12      0.01%     62.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3783            8      0.01%     62.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3847           93      0.11%     62.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3911            7      0.01%     62.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3975           21      0.02%     62.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4039            5      0.01%     62.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4103          365      0.42%     62.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4167            6      0.01%     62.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4231           12      0.01%     62.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4295            7      0.01%     62.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4359           91      0.11%     62.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4423           13      0.02%     62.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4487            7      0.01%     62.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4551            5      0.01%     62.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4615           21      0.02%     62.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4679            3      0.00%     62.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4743           11      0.01%     62.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4807            9      0.01%     62.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4871          161      0.19%     63.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4935            5      0.01%     63.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4999           16      0.02%     63.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5063            7      0.01%     63.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5127          409      0.47%     63.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5191           11      0.01%     63.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5255            9      0.01%     63.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5319           13      0.02%     63.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5383           56      0.07%     63.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5447            5      0.01%     63.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5511           15      0.02%     63.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5575            8      0.01%     63.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5639           79      0.09%     63.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5703            2      0.00%     63.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5767           10      0.01%     63.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5831            9      0.01%     63.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5895          142      0.16%     64.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5959            3      0.00%     64.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6023           18      0.02%     64.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6087            9      0.01%     64.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6151          348      0.40%     64.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6215            6      0.01%     64.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6279            7      0.01%     64.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6343            3      0.00%     64.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6407           23      0.03%     64.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6471            1      0.00%     64.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6535            7      0.01%     64.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6599            4      0.00%     64.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6663           95      0.11%     64.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6791           17      0.02%     64.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6855            3      0.00%     64.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6919          100      0.12%     64.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7047           11      0.01%     64.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7111            7      0.01%     64.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7175          484      0.56%     65.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7239            2      0.00%     65.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7303            7      0.01%     65.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7367           12      0.01%     65.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7431           86      0.10%     65.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7495            3      0.00%     65.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7559            9      0.01%     65.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7623            2      0.00%     65.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7687           27      0.03%     65.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7815           10      0.01%     65.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7879            1      0.00%     65.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7943          155      0.18%     65.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8007            1      0.00%     65.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8071            8      0.01%     65.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8135            1      0.00%     65.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8199          378      0.44%     66.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8263            1      0.00%     66.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8455          152      0.18%     66.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8711           21      0.02%     66.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8839            2      0.00%     66.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8967           72      0.08%     66.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9024-9031            2      0.00%     66.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9095            5      0.01%     66.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9159            1      0.00%     66.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9223          466      0.54%     67.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9344-9351            1      0.00%     67.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9479           96      0.11%     67.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9536-9543            1      0.00%     67.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9735           85      0.10%     67.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9920-9927            1      0.00%     67.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9991           17      0.02%     67.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10112-10119            2      0.00%     67.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10247          345      0.40%     67.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10304-10311            1      0.00%     67.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10368-10375            1      0.00%     67.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10432-10439            1      0.00%     67.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10503           83      0.10%     67.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10759           68      0.08%     67.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10944-10951            1      0.00%     67.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11015           39      0.05%     67.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11136-11143            4      0.00%     67.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11271          396      0.46%     68.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11328-11335            2      0.00%     68.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11456-11463            1      0.00%     68.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11527          156      0.18%     68.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11584-11591            2      0.00%     68.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11783            8      0.01%     68.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11968-11975            1      0.00%     68.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12039           83      0.10%     68.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12160-12167            2      0.00%     68.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12224-12231            1      0.00%     68.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12295          336      0.39%     69.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12352-12359            1      0.00%     69.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12416-12423            1      0.00%     69.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12480-12487            1      0.00%     69.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12551           83      0.10%     69.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12672-12679            2      0.00%     69.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12736-12743            1      0.00%     69.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12807           81      0.09%     69.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12864-12871            1      0.00%     69.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12928-12935            2      0.00%     69.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13063           70      0.08%     69.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13184-13191            3      0.00%     69.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13255            1      0.00%     69.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13319          277      0.32%     69.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13376-13383            1      0.00%     69.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13447            3      0.00%     69.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13575          151      0.18%     69.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13696-13703            1      0.00%     69.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13831          132      0.15%     69.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14087           32      0.04%     70.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14215            2      0.00%     70.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14343          338      0.39%     70.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14464-14471            1      0.00%     70.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14528-14535            1      0.00%     70.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14599           77      0.09%     70.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14720-14727            2      0.00%     70.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14784-14791            1      0.00%     70.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14855           81      0.09%     70.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14912-14919            1      0.00%     70.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15111           72      0.08%     70.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15232-15239            2      0.00%     70.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15367          269      0.31%     71.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15424-15431            2      0.00%     71.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15488-15495            1      0.00%     71.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15623           83      0.10%     71.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15680-15687            1      0.00%     71.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15744-15751            3      0.00%     71.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15808-15815            1      0.00%     71.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15879          157      0.18%     71.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16000-16007            3      0.00%     71.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16135          129      0.15%     71.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16192-16199            1      0.00%     71.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16256-16263            7      0.01%     71.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16320-16327            2      0.00%     71.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16391          524      0.61%     72.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16512-16519            3      0.00%     72.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16647          130      0.15%     72.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16768-16775            2      0.00%     72.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16832-16839            3      0.00%     72.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16896-16903          155      0.18%     72.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16960-16967            3      0.00%     72.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17024-17031            1      0.00%     72.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17159           86      0.10%     72.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17216-17223            1      0.00%     72.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17280-17287            1      0.00%     72.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17344-17351            1      0.00%     72.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17415          268      0.31%     72.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17472-17479            3      0.00%     72.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17536-17543            1      0.00%     72.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17671           70      0.08%     72.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17927           80      0.09%     73.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17984-17991            2      0.00%     73.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18048-18055            2      0.00%     73.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18183           82      0.10%     73.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18240-18247            1      0.00%     73.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18304-18311            2      0.00%     73.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18439          328      0.38%     73.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18560-18567            1      0.00%     73.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18624-18631            1      0.00%     73.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18688-18695           35      0.04%     73.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18816-18823            1      0.00%     73.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-18951          133      0.15%     73.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19008-19015            1      0.00%     73.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19072-19079            2      0.00%     73.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19207          154      0.18%     73.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19328-19335            3      0.00%     73.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19392-19399            1      0.00%     73.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19463          281      0.33%     74.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19719           67      0.08%     74.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19840-19847            1      0.00%     74.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19975           79      0.09%     74.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20032-20039            1      0.00%     74.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20160-20167            1      0.00%     74.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20231           87      0.10%     74.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20352-20359            4      0.00%     74.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20416-20423            1      0.00%     74.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20487          327      0.38%     74.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20608-20615            1      0.00%     74.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20743           77      0.09%     74.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-20999           10      0.01%     74.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21056-21063            1      0.00%     74.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21120-21127            1      0.00%     74.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21184-21191            2      0.00%     74.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21248-21255          151      0.18%     75.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21376-21383            4      0.00%     75.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21440-21447            1      0.00%     75.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21511          401      0.47%     75.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21568-21575            1      0.00%     75.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21632-21639            1      0.00%     75.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21767           39      0.05%     75.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21824-21831            2      0.00%     75.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21888-21895            1      0.00%     75.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22023           65      0.08%     75.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22144-22151            2      0.00%     75.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22279           85      0.10%     75.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22336-22343            2      0.00%     75.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22400-22407            4      0.00%     75.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22464-22471            1      0.00%     75.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22535          336      0.39%     76.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22592-22599            1      0.00%     76.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22656-22663            1      0.00%     76.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22784-22791           18      0.02%     76.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22912-22919            3      0.00%     76.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23047           81      0.09%     76.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23104-23111            2      0.00%     76.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23168-23175            1      0.00%     76.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23232-23239            2      0.00%     76.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23296-23303           92      0.11%     76.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23360-23367            1      0.00%     76.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23424-23431            4      0.00%     76.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23488-23495            1      0.00%     76.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23559          463      0.54%     77.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23680-23687            1      0.00%     77.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23815           70      0.08%     77.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23936-23943            1      0.00%     77.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24000-24007            1      0.00%     77.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24071           19      0.02%     77.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24192-24199            1      0.00%     77.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24327          148      0.17%     77.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24384-24391            1      0.00%     77.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24448-24455            5      0.01%     77.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24583          262      0.30%     77.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24640-24647            1      0.00%     77.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24704-24711            3      0.00%     77.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24768-24775            2      0.00%     77.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24839          150      0.17%     77.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24896-24903            1      0.00%     77.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24960-24967            2      0.00%     77.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25095           20      0.02%     77.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25152-25159            1      0.00%     77.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25216-25223            2      0.00%     77.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25351           73      0.08%     77.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25472-25479            2      0.00%     77.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25607          464      0.54%     78.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25728-25735            1      0.00%     78.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25792-25799            1      0.00%     78.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25856-25863           93      0.11%     78.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25984-25991            3      0.00%     78.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26048-26055            1      0.00%     78.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26119           84      0.10%     78.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26176-26183            1      0.00%     78.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26240-26247            1      0.00%     78.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26304-26311            1      0.00%     78.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26375           18      0.02%     78.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26432-26439            1      0.00%     78.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26496-26503            5      0.01%     78.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26631          339      0.39%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26887           80      0.09%     79.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27008-27015            3      0.00%     79.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27143           63      0.07%     79.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27200-27207            2      0.00%     79.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27399           47      0.05%     79.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27520-27527            2      0.00%     79.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27584-27591            2      0.00%     79.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27655          394      0.46%     79.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27776-27783            2      0.00%     79.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27840-27847            1      0.00%     79.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27911          150      0.17%     79.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28032-28039            1      0.00%     79.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28096-28103            1      0.00%     79.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28167            8      0.01%     79.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28288-28295            2      0.00%     79.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28352-28359            1      0.00%     79.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28423           82      0.10%     80.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28480-28487            1      0.00%     80.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28544-28551            5      0.01%     80.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28608-28615            1      0.00%     80.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28679          329      0.38%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28736-28743            2      0.00%     80.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28800-28807            3      0.00%     80.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28935           83      0.10%     80.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28992-28999            1      0.00%     80.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29120-29127            2      0.00%     80.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29191           82      0.10%     80.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29248-29255            1      0.00%     80.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29312-29319            2      0.00%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29447           72      0.08%     80.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29504-29511            2      0.00%     80.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29632-29639            1      0.00%     80.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29703          276      0.32%     81.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29824-29831            3      0.00%     81.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29888-29895            1      0.00%     81.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-29959          155      0.18%     81.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30016-30023            1      0.00%     81.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30080-30087            2      0.00%     81.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30144-30151            1      0.00%     81.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30215          130      0.15%     81.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30272-30279            1      0.00%     81.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30471           35      0.04%     81.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30592-30599            7      0.01%     81.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30656-30663            2      0.00%     81.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30727          330      0.38%     81.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30784-30791            2      0.00%     81.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30848-30855            1      0.00%     81.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-30983           79      0.09%     81.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31040-31047            1      0.00%     81.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31104-31111            2      0.00%     81.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31239           75      0.09%     82.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31296-31303            1      0.00%     82.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31360-31367            1      0.00%     82.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31495           72      0.08%     82.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31552-31559            2      0.00%     82.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31616-31623            3      0.00%     82.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31680-31687            1      0.00%     82.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31751          264      0.31%     82.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31872-31879            1      0.00%     82.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32007           85      0.10%     82.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32064-32071            2      0.00%     82.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32128-32135            1      0.00%     82.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32256-32263          158      0.18%     82.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32320-32327            1      0.00%     82.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32384-32391            1      0.00%     82.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32448-32455            1      0.00%     82.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32519          132      0.15%     82.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32576-32583            2      0.00%     82.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32640-32647            1      0.00%     82.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32775          526      0.61%     83.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32896-32903            2      0.00%     83.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33031          130      0.15%     83.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33216-33223            1      0.00%     83.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33287          160      0.19%     83.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33408-33415            2      0.00%     83.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33472-33479            1      0.00%     83.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33543           90      0.10%     83.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33600-33607            4      0.00%     83.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33799          276      0.32%     84.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33856-33863            1      0.00%     84.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33920-33927            2      0.00%     84.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34048-34055           69      0.08%     84.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34112-34119            1      0.00%     84.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34311           76      0.09%     84.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34432-34439            3      0.00%     84.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34567           78      0.09%     84.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34688-34695            1      0.00%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34752-34759            1      0.00%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34823          329      0.38%     84.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34944-34951            1      0.00%     84.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35079           37      0.04%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35200-35207            1      0.00%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35328-35335          132      0.15%     85.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35456-35463            1      0.00%     85.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35584-35591          157      0.18%     85.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35712-35719            3      0.00%     85.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35847          272      0.32%     85.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36032-36039            1      0.00%     85.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36096-36103           68      0.08%     85.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36224-36231            2      0.00%     85.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36352-36359           82      0.10%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36480-36487            3      0.00%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36608-36615           85      0.10%     85.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36800-36807            2      0.00%     85.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36871          328      0.38%     86.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37120-37127           78      0.09%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37184-37191            2      0.00%     86.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37248-37255            1      0.00%     86.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37312-37319            1      0.00%     86.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37376-37383            7      0.01%     86.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37504-37511            1      0.00%     86.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37632-37639          154      0.18%     86.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37895          389      0.45%     87.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38016-38023            2      0.00%     87.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38151           41      0.05%     87.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38272-38279            2      0.00%     87.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38336-38343            1      0.00%     87.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38407           63      0.07%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38528-38535            4      0.00%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38656-38663           83      0.10%     87.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38919          332      0.39%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39040-39047            1      0.00%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39168-39175           17      0.02%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39431           81      0.09%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39552-39559            2      0.00%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39680-39687           95      0.11%     87.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39936-39943          463      0.54%     88.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40192-40199           69      0.08%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40320-40327            4      0.00%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40384-40391            1      0.00%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40448-40455           15      0.02%     88.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40576-40583            4      0.00%     88.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40640-40647            1      0.00%     88.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40704-40711          149      0.17%     88.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40967          257      0.30%     88.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41152-41159            1      0.00%     88.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41216-41223          145      0.17%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41344-41351            1      0.00%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41408-41415            1      0.00%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41472-41479           16      0.02%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41536-41543            1      0.00%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41600-41607            2      0.00%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41728-41735           72      0.08%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-41991          458      0.53%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42176-42183            1      0.00%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42240-42247           90      0.10%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42304-42311            2      0.00%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42432-42439            1      0.00%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42496-42503           82      0.10%     89.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42624-42631            4      0.00%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42688-42695            1      0.00%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42752-42759           17      0.02%     90.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42816-42823            1      0.00%     90.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42880-42887            2      0.00%     90.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43015          331      0.38%     90.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43200-43207            1      0.00%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43271           81      0.09%     90.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43328-43335            1      0.00%     90.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43527           64      0.07%     90.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43648-43655            4      0.00%     90.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43712-43719            1      0.00%     90.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43776-43783           37      0.04%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43840-43847            1      0.00%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44039          395      0.46%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44096-44103            1      0.00%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44288-44295          150      0.17%     91.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44352-44359            2      0.00%     91.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44551           10      0.01%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44608-44615            2      0.00%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44672-44679            4      0.00%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44800-44807           81      0.09%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44864-44871            2      0.00%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45063          328      0.38%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45312-45319           82      0.10%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45376-45383            2      0.00%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45440-45447            2      0.00%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45575           83      0.10%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45696-45703            3      0.00%     91.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45831           69      0.08%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45952-45959            1      0.00%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46087          277      0.32%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46208-46215            3      0.00%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46336-46343          151      0.18%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46592-46599          129      0.15%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46656-46663            1      0.00%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46720-46727            2      0.00%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46784-46791            1      0.00%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46855           36      0.04%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46912-46919            1      0.00%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46976-46983            2      0.00%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47111          330      0.38%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47168-47175            1      0.00%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47296-47303            1      0.00%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47367           81      0.09%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47488-47495            1      0.00%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47552-47559            1      0.00%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47616-47623           82      0.10%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47744-47751            1      0.00%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47808-47815            2      0.00%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47879           74      0.09%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47936-47943            1      0.00%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48000-48007            1      0.00%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48135          266      0.31%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48256-48263            1      0.00%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48384-48391           83      0.10%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48512-48519            1      0.00%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48640-48647          154      0.18%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48704-48711            2      0.00%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48768-48775           62      0.07%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48896-48903          129      0.15%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48960-48967            2      0.00%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49024-49031            2      0.00%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49088-49095            4      0.00%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49159         4946      5.74%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49216-49223            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49600-49607            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49664-49671            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49920-49927            2      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50048-50055            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50176-50183            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50432-50439            4      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50496-50503            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50560-50567            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50624-50631            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50688-50695            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50816-50823            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50880-50887            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51136-51143            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51200-51207            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51264-51271            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51456-51463            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51584-51591            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51712-51719            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51904-51911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51968-51975            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::52160-52167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::52288-52295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          86110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   365142496500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              457904364000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  75291530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                 17470337500                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       24248.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1160.18                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30408.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         381.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       51.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        13.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   14986658                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     93339                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  86.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       158777.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      99.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               2.54                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     54877277                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16149448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16149448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             59102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4683                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1885760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      4272466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     29884416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     29884416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               34156882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390301                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16692512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     19090401                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    119537664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    119537664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           138628065                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              138628065                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1486850000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3609000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         17361408000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4731178629                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        33737119450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.throughput                      48266379                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16125522                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16125522                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8157                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8157                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        29936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     29884416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     29884416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                32267358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390301                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    119537664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    119537664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            121927965                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               121927965                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21043000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3973000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               516000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         14942208000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         40921538550                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                14756776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          11839520                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            705876                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              9493937                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 7667614                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             80.763270                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1398139                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              72469                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.checker.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.checker.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.checker.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.checker.dtb.read_hits             14986903                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.checker.dtb.read_misses               7307                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.checker.dtb.write_hits            11227441                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.checker.dtb.write_misses              2191                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.checker.dtb.flush_tlb                    4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.checker.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.checker.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid         2878                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.checker.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             126                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.checker.dtb.flush_entries             3398                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.checker.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.checker.dtb.prefetch_faults            180                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.checker.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.checker.dtb.perms_faults               452                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.checker.dtb.read_accesses         14994210                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.checker.dtb.write_accesses        11229632                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.checker.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.checker.dtb.hits                  26214344                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.checker.dtb.misses                    9498                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.checker.dtb.accesses              26223842                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.checker.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.checker.itb.inst_hits             61480126                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.checker.itb.inst_misses               4473                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.checker.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.checker.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.checker.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.checker.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.checker.itb.flush_tlb                    4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.checker.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.checker.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid         2878                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.checker.itb.flush_tlb_asid             126                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.checker.itb.flush_entries             2372                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.checker.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.checker.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.checker.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.checker.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.checker.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.checker.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.checker.itb.inst_accesses         61484599                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.checker.itb.hits                  61480126                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.checker.itb.misses                    4473                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.checker.itb.accesses              61484599                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.checker.numCycles                 77883033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.checker.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.checker.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     51181584                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      65031                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    11699885                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                     15694                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                2878                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     126                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                     3476                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                      2524                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                    396                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                      1369                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 51246615                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                11715579                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                          62881469                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                           80725                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                      62962194                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                     11524718                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                      11477                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                2878                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     126                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                     2510                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                      2880                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                 11536195                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                          11524718                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                           11477                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                      11536195                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                        477111575                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           29753545                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       90325732                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    14756776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            9065753                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      20157040                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 4656007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                     125616                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles               98208682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 2521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         87096                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      2698608                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          449                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  11521342                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                709389                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                    5491                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          154241572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.730167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.081671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                134100120     86.94%     86.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  1306005      0.85%     87.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  1712076      1.11%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  2296227      1.49%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  2110153      1.37%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  1105630      0.72%     92.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  2555237      1.66%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                   745864      0.48%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  8310260      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            154241572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.030929                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.189318                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 31783151                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             100076545                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  18079225                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               1264474                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                3038177                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.BranchResolved              1958594                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu.decode.BranchMispred                172374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              107306930                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                570435                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                3038177                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 33521222                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                38625715                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       55163536                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  17589404                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               6303518                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              102301164                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                   457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 997569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents               4061695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              772                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           106380900                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             473930729                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        432790417                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             10427                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              78723244                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 27657655                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts            1170957                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts        1077143                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  12622955                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             19717794                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            13303938                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1949827                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          2475969                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   95121483                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             1987498                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 122914150                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            166701                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        18940781                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47245549                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         505193                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     154241572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.796894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.515720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           109895599     71.25%     71.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            14389173      9.33%     80.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             6873802      4.46%     85.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             5671511      3.68%     88.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            12312296      7.98%     96.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             2806335      1.82%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             1696199      1.10%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              468469      0.30%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              128188      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       154241572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   62148      0.70%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      4      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                8367826     94.63%     95.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                412812      4.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             28518      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              57963749     47.16%     47.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                93288      0.08%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  22      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              18      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           2114      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc           19      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             52506877     42.72%     89.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            12319545     10.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              122914150                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.257621                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     8842790                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.071943                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          409136453                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         116066186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     85476047                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               23300                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              12528                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10301                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              131716001                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   12421                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           624558                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4063711                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         6653                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        30079                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1572166                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     34107729                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        680356                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                3038177                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                30160267                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                434164                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            97330281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            206491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              19717794                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             13303938                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            1415153                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 113233                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  3362                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          30079                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         350155                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       270547                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               620702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             120836027                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              51869099                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           2078123                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                        221300                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     64080526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 11821026                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   12211427                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.253266                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      119895169                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      85486348                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  47016858                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  87565512                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.179175                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.536934                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        18677700                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1482305                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            536038                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    151203395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.514192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.490223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    122740077     81.18%     81.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14637973      9.68%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3917047      2.59%     93.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2134429      1.41%     94.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1622101      1.07%     95.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       972992      0.64%     96.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1598831      1.06%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       713641      0.47%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2866304      1.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    151203395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             60456535                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               77747623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       27385855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      15654083                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                      403571                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   10305769                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      10212                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  69188185                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               991209                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2866304                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    242914035                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   195975439                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                         1776357                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                       322870003                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   4575099289                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.committedInsts                    60306154                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      77597242                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total              60306154                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               7.911491                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         7.911491                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.126398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.126398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                548607877                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                87541392                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      8324                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                     2920                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               268241142                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                1173227                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput                58865094                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        2658464                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2658463                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq        763332                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp       763332                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       607582                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2966                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           12                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2978                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       246158                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       246158                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1961995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      5795878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        31363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       128647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           7917883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     62746624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     85500065                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        43624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       215596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total      148505909                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         148505909                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus       195968                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     3128804200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1474711974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2550008218                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy      20466481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy      74842560                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            980909                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.574447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            10459956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            981421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             10.657970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle        6918965000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.574447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          12502670                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         12502670                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     10459956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        10459956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      10459956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         10459956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     10459956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        10459956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1061258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1061258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1061258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1061258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1061258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1061258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14277146640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14277146640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14277146640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14277146640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14277146640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14277146640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11521214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11521214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11521214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11521214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11521214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11521214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.092113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.092113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.092113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13453.040297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13453.040297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13453.040297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13453.040297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13453.040297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13453.040297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6445                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               336                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.181548                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        79801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        79801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        79801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        79801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        79801                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        79801                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       981457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       981457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       981457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       981457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       981457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       981457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11591245017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11591245017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11591245017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11591245017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11591245017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11591245017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst      8870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst      8870000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8870000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.085187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.085187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.085187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11810.242341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11810.242341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11810.242341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11810.242341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11810.242341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11810.242341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements            64359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        51360.491961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            1887854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           129751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            14.549822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     2490800967500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 36938.900442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker    39.947099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  8146.352593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  6235.291454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.563643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.124303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.095143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.783699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6929                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        54997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000427                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         18795937                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        18795937                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        53847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker        10904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       967954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       386879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1419584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       607582                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       607582                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           43                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       112973                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       112973                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        53847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker        10904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       967954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       499852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1532557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        53847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker        10904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       967954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       499852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1532557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        12341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        10725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        23120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         2923                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2923                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       133185                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       133185                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        12341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       143910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        156305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        12341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       143910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       156305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      4042250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    908634500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    819979999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1732814749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       583475                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       583475                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9837869742                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9837869742                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      4042250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    908634500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  10657849741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11570684491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      4042250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    908634500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  10657849741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11570684491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        53899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        10906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       980295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       397604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1442704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       607582                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       607582                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         2966                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2966                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       246158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       246158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        53899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        10906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       980295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       643762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      1688862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        53899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        10906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       980295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       643762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      1688862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985502                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985502                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.541055                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.541055                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.223545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.223545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 77735.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        79000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73627.299246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76455.011562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74948.734818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data   199.615121                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   199.615121                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73866.199212                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73866.199212                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 77735.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        79000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73627.299246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74059.132381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74026.323477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 77735.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        79000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73627.299246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74059.132381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74026.323477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        59102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            59102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data           65                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        10660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2923                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2923                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       133185                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       133185                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      3398750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       133500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    752714750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    682165499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1438412499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     29232923                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29232923                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8179067758                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8179067758                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      3398750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       133500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    752714750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8861233257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9617480257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      3398750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       133500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    752714750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8861233257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9617480257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst      6336999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 166935139250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166941476249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  17447345437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17447345437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst      6336999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 184382484687                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 184388821686                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985502                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985502                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.541055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.223444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.223444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 65360.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        66750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61057.328845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63993.011163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62425.679151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61411.328288                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61411.328288                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 65360.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        66750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61057.328845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61602.650471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61560.935414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 65360.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        66750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61057.328845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61602.650471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61560.935414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            643250                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.993295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            21507454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            643762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             33.409015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          42602250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.993295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         101513406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        101513406                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     13755166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13755166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7258873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7258873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       242710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       242710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       247594                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247594                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      21014039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         21014039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     21014039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        21014039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       736315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        736315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2963189                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2963189                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        13552                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13552                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3699504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3699504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3699504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3699504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10015008577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10015008577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 140227660304                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 140227660304                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    186052000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    186052000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       181002                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       181002                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 150242668881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 150242668881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 150242668881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 150242668881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     14491481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14491481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     10222062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10222062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       256262                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       256262                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       247606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24713543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24713543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24713543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24713543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.289882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.289882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.052883                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.052883                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.149695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.149695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13601.527304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13601.527304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47323.225182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47323.225182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13728.748524                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13728.748524                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15083.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15083.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40611.570870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40611.570870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40611.570870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40611.570870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        31857                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        27549                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              2688                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets             281                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.851562                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    98.039146                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       607582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            607582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       350850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       350850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2714158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2714158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1320                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1320                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      3065008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3065008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      3065008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3065008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       385465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       385465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       249031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       249031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12232                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12232                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       634496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       634496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       634496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       634496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4975619608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4975619608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11323354786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11323354786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    146514250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146514250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       156998                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156998                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  16298974394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16298974394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  16298974394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16298974394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 182328293250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182328293250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  26845365872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26845365872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209173659122                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209173659122                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024362                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024362                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047732                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047732                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12908.096995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12908.096995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45469.659544                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45469.659544                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11977.947188                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11977.947188                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13083.166667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13083.166667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25688.064848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25688.064848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25688.064848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25688.064848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1499072952550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1499072952550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1499072952550                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1499072952550                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                    83032                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
