
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.403670                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2403669993000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2403669993000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 205695                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   264190                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             8195476126                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 425360                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   293.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60328724                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77484808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    114819072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           512584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          7062488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            64448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           676736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           184896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          1338016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            124659200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       512584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        64448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       184896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          761928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3742720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1298604                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data        159300                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2.data       1557912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6758536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      14352384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             14221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            110387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             10574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              2889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             20914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              14512391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           58480                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           324651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data            39825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2.data           389478                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               812434                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47768235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              213251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             2938210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               26812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              281543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               76922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              556655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51862028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         213251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          26812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          76922                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             316985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1557086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             540259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data              66274                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2.data             648139                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2811757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1557086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47768235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             213251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3478469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              26812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             347816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              76922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1204794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54673785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      13478692                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       446310                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    13478692                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     446310                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                862636288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2859584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 109811232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                2805660                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  401628                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           2353                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              837730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              837377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              837570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              838005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              839135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              839829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              839954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              841188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              842692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              845268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             845422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             845904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             847097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             848027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             846853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             846641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                3040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                3458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                3199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                2529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                2235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               2375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               3726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               3500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               2647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2402634752000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                13443296                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   35388                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 429303                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  17007                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    975684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    953327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    947696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3279847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2361574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2361279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2377764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     45945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     51807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     17784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    17782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    17747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    17627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    17611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    17604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    17597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      2033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      2231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      2279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      2018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      2013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      2034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        48746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    17755.207812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    3162.737998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   18340.275925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-71           8642     17.73%     17.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-135         4876     10.00%     27.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-199          980      2.01%     29.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-263          745      1.53%     31.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-327          418      0.86%     32.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-391          375      0.77%     32.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-455          281      0.58%     33.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-519          311      0.64%     34.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-583          181      0.37%     34.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-647          171      0.35%     34.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-711          151      0.31%     35.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-775          290      0.59%     35.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-839           88      0.18%     35.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-903           76      0.16%     36.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-967           42      0.09%     36.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1031          366      0.75%     36.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1095           30      0.06%     36.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1159           31      0.06%     37.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1223           22      0.05%     37.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1287          117      0.24%     37.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1351           19      0.04%     37.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1415          158      0.32%     37.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1479           20      0.04%     37.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1543          128      0.26%     37.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1607           11      0.02%     38.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1671           28      0.06%     38.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1735           10      0.02%     38.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1799          148      0.30%     38.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1863            9      0.02%     38.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1927           16      0.03%     38.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1991           10      0.02%     38.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2055          383      0.79%     39.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2119            3      0.01%     39.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2183            7      0.01%     39.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2247            5      0.01%     39.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2311           66      0.14%     39.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2375            1      0.00%     39.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2439            3      0.01%     39.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2503            4      0.01%     39.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2567           69      0.14%     39.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2631            2      0.00%     39.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2695            6      0.01%     39.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2759            3      0.01%     39.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2823           75      0.15%     39.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2887            2      0.00%     39.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2951            8      0.02%     39.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3015            2      0.00%     39.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3079          346      0.71%     40.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3143            5      0.01%     40.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3207            4      0.01%     40.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3271            4      0.01%     40.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3335          130      0.27%     40.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3399            5      0.01%     40.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3463            2      0.00%     40.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3527            3      0.01%     40.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3591           69      0.14%     40.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3655            1      0.00%     40.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3719            8      0.02%     40.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3783            5      0.01%     40.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3847           77      0.16%     41.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3911            8      0.02%     41.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3975            4      0.01%     41.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4039            6      0.01%     41.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4103          331      0.68%     41.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4167            5      0.01%     41.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4231            3      0.01%     41.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4295            5      0.01%     41.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4359          190      0.39%     42.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4423           12      0.02%     42.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4487            4      0.01%     42.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4551            3      0.01%     42.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4615           36      0.07%     42.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4679            4      0.01%     42.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4743            2      0.00%     42.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4807            4      0.01%     42.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4871          136      0.28%     42.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4935            1      0.00%     42.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5063            2      0.00%     42.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5127          260      0.53%     43.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5191            1      0.00%     43.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5255            3      0.01%     43.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5319            4      0.01%     43.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5383           67      0.14%     43.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5447            4      0.01%     43.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5511            3      0.01%     43.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5575            3      0.01%     43.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5639           70      0.14%     43.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5767            2      0.00%     43.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5831            4      0.01%     43.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5895          103      0.21%     43.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5959            1      0.00%     43.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6023            1      0.00%     43.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6087            9      0.02%     43.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6151          324      0.66%     44.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6279            6      0.01%     44.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6343            1      0.00%     44.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6407            4      0.01%     44.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6471            4      0.01%     44.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6535            5      0.01%     44.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6599            2      0.00%     44.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6663           69      0.14%     44.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6727            2      0.00%     44.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6791            7      0.01%     44.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6855            1      0.00%     44.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6919            3      0.01%     44.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6983            3      0.01%     44.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7047            2      0.00%     44.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7111            1      0.00%     44.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7175          295      0.61%     45.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7239            2      0.00%     45.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7303            2      0.00%     45.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7367           10      0.02%     45.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7559            2      0.00%     45.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7687          128      0.26%     45.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7943            1      0.00%     45.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8199          539      1.11%     46.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8455            1      0.00%     46.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8711          128      0.26%     46.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9223          294      0.60%     47.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9479            1      0.00%     47.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9600-9607            1      0.00%     47.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9735           65      0.13%     47.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9991            1      0.00%     47.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10247          320      0.66%     48.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10503           64      0.13%     48.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10759           64      0.13%     48.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11015           64      0.13%     48.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11271          256      0.53%     49.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11527          129      0.26%     49.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11783           31      0.06%     49.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12039          181      0.37%     49.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12295          323      0.66%     50.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12551           68      0.14%     50.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12807           64      0.13%     50.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12864-12871            1      0.00%     50.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13063          126      0.26%     51.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13255            1      0.00%     51.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13319          342      0.70%     51.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13575           68      0.14%     51.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13831           65      0.13%     52.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13888-13895            1      0.00%     52.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14087           64      0.13%     52.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14343          368      0.75%     53.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14599          128      0.26%     53.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14855           90      0.18%     53.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15111           84      0.17%     53.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15367          265      0.54%     54.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15623           64      0.13%     54.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16135           70      0.14%     54.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16391          644      1.32%     55.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16647           70      0.14%     55.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17159           65      0.13%     56.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17415          266      0.55%     56.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17671           82      0.17%     56.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17927           88      0.18%     56.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17984-17991            1      0.00%     56.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18183          127      0.26%     57.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18439          370      0.76%     57.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18688-18695           64      0.13%     58.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-18951           65      0.13%     58.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19207           69      0.14%     58.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19463          339      0.70%     59.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19719          125      0.26%     59.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19904-19911            1      0.00%     59.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19975           64      0.13%     59.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20231           70      0.14%     59.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20487          325      0.67%     60.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20743          182      0.37%     60.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-20999           30      0.06%     60.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21248-21255          127      0.26%     60.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21312-21319            1      0.00%     60.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21511          256      0.53%     61.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21632-21639            1      0.00%     61.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21767           65      0.13%     61.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22023           64      0.13%     61.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22279           65      0.13%     61.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22535          320      0.66%     62.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23047           66      0.14%     62.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23559          292      0.60%     63.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23815            1      0.00%     63.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24071          129      0.26%     63.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24384-24391            1      0.00%     63.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24583          538      1.10%     64.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25095          129      0.26%     64.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25351            1      0.00%     64.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25607          292      0.60%     65.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26119           65      0.13%     65.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26631          320      0.66%     66.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26887           65      0.13%     66.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27143           64      0.13%     66.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27399           64      0.13%     66.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27655          257      0.53%     67.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27911          128      0.26%     67.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28032-28039            1      0.00%     67.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28167           31      0.06%     67.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28423          182      0.37%     67.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28679          324      0.66%     68.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28935           69      0.14%     68.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29191           64      0.13%     68.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29447          126      0.26%     69.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29703          341      0.70%     69.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-29959           69      0.14%     69.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30215           64      0.13%     70.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30471           64      0.13%     70.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30656-30663            1      0.00%     70.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30727          368      0.75%     70.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-30983          128      0.26%     71.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31104-31111            1      0.00%     71.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31239           88      0.18%     71.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31495           82      0.17%     71.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31552-31559            1      0.00%     71.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31751          266      0.55%     72.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32007           64      0.13%     72.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32519           69      0.14%     72.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32775          642      1.32%     73.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33031           69      0.14%     73.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33287            1      0.00%     73.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33543           64      0.13%     74.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33799          265      0.54%     74.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33984-33991            1      0.00%     74.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34048-34055           82      0.17%     74.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34240-34247            1      0.00%     74.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34311           88      0.18%     74.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34432-34439            1      0.00%     74.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34567          128      0.26%     75.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34823          367      0.75%     75.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34880-34887            1      0.00%     75.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35079           64      0.13%     76.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35328-35335           64      0.13%     76.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35456-35463            1      0.00%     76.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35584-35591           69      0.14%     76.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35847          341      0.70%     77.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36096-36103          126      0.26%     77.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36352-36359           64      0.13%     77.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36608-36615           69      0.14%     77.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36871          323      0.66%     78.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37120-37127          182      0.37%     78.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37376-37383           31      0.06%     78.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37504-37511            1      0.00%     78.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37632-37639          129      0.26%     78.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37895          256      0.53%     79.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38151           64      0.13%     79.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38407           64      0.13%     79.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38656-38663           65      0.13%     79.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38919          320      0.66%     80.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39431           65      0.13%     80.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39936-39943          292      0.60%     81.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40448-40455          129      0.26%     81.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40967          537      1.10%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41152-41159            1      0.00%     82.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41472-41479          129      0.26%     82.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-41991          293      0.60%     83.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42496-42503           66      0.14%     83.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43015          320      0.66%     84.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43271           65      0.13%     84.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43527           65      0.13%     84.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43776-43783           64      0.13%     84.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43904-43911            1      0.00%     84.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44039          255      0.52%     85.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44224-44231            2      0.00%     85.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44288-44295          127      0.26%     85.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44551           30      0.06%     85.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44800-44807          181      0.37%     85.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45063          323      0.66%     86.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45312-45319           69      0.14%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45575           64      0.13%     86.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45831          125      0.26%     87.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46087          338      0.69%     87.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46336-46343           70      0.14%     87.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46592-46599           65      0.13%     88.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46855           64      0.13%     88.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47111          369      0.76%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47367          127      0.26%     89.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47552-47559            1      0.00%     89.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47616-47623           90      0.18%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47879           82      0.17%     89.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48135          266      0.55%     90.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48384-48391           67      0.14%     90.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48896-48903           69      0.14%     90.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48960-48967            2      0.00%     90.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49159         4685      9.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          48746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   326451020750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              407972275750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  67393460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                 14127795000                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       24219.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1048.16                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30267.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         358.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       45.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   13435238                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     39389                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  88.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       172541.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      99.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               0.88                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     55671057                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            13813895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           13813895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             432143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            432143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             17007                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             27827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            27827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       731520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       951111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1682851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     26886592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     26886592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               28569443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       735400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5070524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total      5806364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    107546368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    107546368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           113352732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              133814850                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           416796500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         14608293500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1594356888                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        30359701500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    63223                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                50383.450720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1749716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   128619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    13.603869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2375590593500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   36838.052028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5233.374732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3836.748090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.993317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      504.839969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      688.402361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker    10.761256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1676.159647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1594.119177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.562104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.079855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.058544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.007703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.010504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.025576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.024324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.768790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2635                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000076                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997787                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 17682479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                17682479                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             467928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             176815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             128266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              64331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             283323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             132022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1291084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          597612                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               597612                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  30                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            61918                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            18367                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            33347                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               113632                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          8678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              467928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              238733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          2613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              128266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               82698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         18618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          4179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              283323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              165369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1404716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3134                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             467928                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             238733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2613                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             128266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              82698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4179                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             283323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             165369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1404716                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             2890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             2549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                21642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1432                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           464                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          1010                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2906                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         104665                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           9733                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          18973                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133371                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            111137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             10847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              2890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             21522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                155013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7595                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           111137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1007                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            10847                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             2890                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            21522                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               155013                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     72811500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     86760500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       823500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    218694500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    200617750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      579782250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       116995                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       138994                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       255989                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    735376977                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1427662394                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2163039371                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     72811500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    822137477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       823500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    218694500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1628280144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2742821621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     72811500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    822137477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       823500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    218694500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1628280144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2742821621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         475523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         183287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         129273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          65445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         286213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         134571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1312726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       597612                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           597612                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1445                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          469                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1022                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2936                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166583                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        28100                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        52320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247003                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          475523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          349870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          129273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           93545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          286213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          186891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1559729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         475523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         349870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         129273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          93545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         286213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         186891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1559729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.035311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.007790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.017022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.010097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.018942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991003                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.989339                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.988258                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.989782                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.628305                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.346370                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.362634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.539957                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.317652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.007790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.115955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.010097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.115158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.099385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.317652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.007790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.115955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.010097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.115158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.099385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72305.362463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77881.956912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 74863.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75672.837370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78704.491958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26789.679789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   252.144397                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data   137.617822                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    88.089814                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75555.016644                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75247.056027                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16218.213637                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72305.362463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75793.996220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 74863.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75672.837370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75656.544187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17694.139337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72305.362463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75793.996220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 74863.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75672.837370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75656.544187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17694.139337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               58480                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    58480                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          464                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1010                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1474                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9733                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18973                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         28706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            36267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           36267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     72891500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       687500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    182410250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    168409750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    484497500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4640464                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10101010                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14741474                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    612184523                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1191173106                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1803357629                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    685076023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       687500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    182410250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1359582856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2287855129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    685076023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       687500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    182410250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1359582856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2287855129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25078473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  26153900000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  51232373000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    935173509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   8511559500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9446733009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  26013646509                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  34665459500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  60679106009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.989339                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.988258                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.502044                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.346370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.362634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.115955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.115105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.023252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.115955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.115105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59618.669315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65432.226212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63139.581170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66329.165026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64078.494908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62897.824206                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62782.538660                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62821.627151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59618.669315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63158.110353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63139.581170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63201.136854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63083.660876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59618.669315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63158.110353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63139.581170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63201.136854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63083.660876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    58820773                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1019834                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1019833                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            432143                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           432143                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           265318                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1491                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1493                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            80420                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           80420                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       831638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2419538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        15322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        51904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               3318402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     26591040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     37381340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        21424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        84972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total           64078776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             141286926                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus           98800                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2177097249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1873558443                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1846163669                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy           9980966                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          30796222                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48762593                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             13806282                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            13806282                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2774                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2774                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        11404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         3024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio       716528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       731520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     26886592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     26886592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                27618112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        15368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         6048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio       712856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       735400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    107546368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    107546368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            108281768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               117209182                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              7964000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              1512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               128000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy            358766000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         13443296000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           728746000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         36856311500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7990923                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6211                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6594140                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1982                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         556                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                681                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     29                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5674                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   122                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      210                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7997134                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                6596122                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14585063                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8193                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14593256                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    32307309                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3464                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         556                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                681                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     29                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2638                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                32310773                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         32307309                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3464                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     32310773                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       113705948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   31835702                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42002663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             37391372                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  4937                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1198329                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4242666                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    37391372                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         4937                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          193815032                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          39491762                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3572                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1366                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     15252645                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8359351                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6893294                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              111019314.623883                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              2686633.376117                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.023628                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.976372                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   82892                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           891892                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.603893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           43639057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           892404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            48.900562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       8180676250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   495.451765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     7.618297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     8.533831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.967679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.014879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.016668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         45447878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        45447878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     31833706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      8062582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      3742769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       43639057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     31833706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      8062582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      3742769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        43639057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     31833706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      8062582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      3742769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       43639057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       476257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       129542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       310613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       916412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       476257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       129542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       310613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        916412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       476257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       129542                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       310613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       916412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1750680500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4190164618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5940845118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1750680500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4190164618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5940845118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1750680500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4190164618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5940845118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     32309963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      8192124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      4053382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44555469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     32309963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      8192124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      4053382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     44555469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     32309963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      8192124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      4053382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     44555469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13514.385296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13489.984701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6482.722965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13514.385296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13489.984701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6482.722965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13514.385296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13489.984701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6482.722965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4056                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              197                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.588832                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        24002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        24002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        24002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        24002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        24002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        24002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       129542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       286611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       416153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       129542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       286611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       416153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       129542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       286611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       416153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1491204500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3408089041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4899293541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1491204500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3408089041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4899293541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1491204500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3408089041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4899293541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11511.359250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11890.991766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11772.818028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11511.359250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11890.991766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11772.818028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11511.359250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11890.991766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11772.818028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           629794                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           23221016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           630306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            36.840861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         21768000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   497.062624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     8.150626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     6.783867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.970825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.015919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.013250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         98822314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        98822314                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6860309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1818197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4643556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13322062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5962720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1310571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2137098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9410389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       131686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        33079                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        73392                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       238157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       138128                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        34832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        74432                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     12823029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3128768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6780654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        22732451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     12823029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3128768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6780654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       22732451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       176845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        63692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       271624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       512161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       168028                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        28569                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       609317                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       805914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6442                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         3730                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11925                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       344873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        92261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       880941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1318075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       344873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        92261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       880941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1318075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    907950750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3924341569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4832292319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1018206487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  23272443628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24290650115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     23011750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     49882999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     72894749                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1926157237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27196785197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29122942434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1926157237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27196785197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29122942434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7037154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1881889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4915180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13834223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6130748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1339140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2746415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10216303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       138128                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        34832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        77122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       250082                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       138128                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        34832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        74434                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247394                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13167902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      3221029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7661595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24050526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13167902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      3221029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7661595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24050526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.055262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021334                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.221859                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078885                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046638                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050327                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.048365                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047684                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000027                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.114981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.114981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14255.334265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14447.698175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9435.104038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35640.256467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 38194.312038                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30140.499005                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13127.067884                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13373.458177                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6112.767212                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20877.263817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30872.425278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22095.057136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20877.263817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30872.425278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22095.057136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8107                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              889                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             50                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.119235                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    63.260000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       597612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           597612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       140350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       556007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       556007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          401                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          401                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       696357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       696357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       696357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       696357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        63692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       131274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       194966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        53310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        81879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3329                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         5082                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        92261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       184584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       276845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        92261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       184584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       276845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    780369250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1701870584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2482239834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    958496513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1869248236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2827744749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19505250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     38414501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57919751                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1738865763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3571118820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5309984583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1738865763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3571118820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5309984583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  27398396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  28553530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  55951926500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1442155991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  13334829583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14776985574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28840551991                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  41888360083                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  70728912074                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021334                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019411                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050327                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.043165                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020321                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12252.233405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12964.262413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12731.654924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33550.229725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35063.744813                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34535.653208                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11126.782658                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11539.351457                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11397.038764                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18847.245998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19346.849239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19180.352121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18847.245998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19346.849239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19180.352121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2095173                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2089                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1414657                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      374                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         554                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                220                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     13                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1771                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    38                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                       78                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 2097262                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1415031                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          3509830                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           2463                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      3512293                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     8192124                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      1194                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         554                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                220                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     13                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                     949                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 8193318                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          8192124                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           1194                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      8193318                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       581420474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7979382                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10120569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              9091581                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1987                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     304296                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1113753                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     9091581                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1987                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           53006739                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           9888017                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                580                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      3676771                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2188618                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1488153                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              545340562.414449                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              36079911.585551                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.062055                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.937945                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                4789734                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          3907352                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           223904                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             3178605                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                2529099                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            79.566319                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 413607                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21727                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    10928591                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     22863                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3355192                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     6501                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                         552                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                538                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                    2326                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                      747                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                   160                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                      464                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                10951454                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                3361693                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         14283783                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                          29364                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     14313147                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                     4054873                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                      4512                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                         552                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                538                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                    1691                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                     1038                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                 4059385                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                          4054873                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                           4512                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                      4059385                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        88337048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9388767                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      32522302                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    4789734                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           2942706                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      6862489                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1760464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     49990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              19168441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        33389                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       724944                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          411                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  4053387                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               290500                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   1970                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          37439208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.044253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.431681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                30581596     81.68%     81.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  385766      1.03%     82.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  516570      1.38%     84.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  819401      2.19%     86.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  630355      1.68%     87.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  341667      0.91%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1045652      2.79%     91.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  230362      0.62%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 2887839      7.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            37439208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.054221                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.368162                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                10012366                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             19744012                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  6199418                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               325352                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1157163                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              610165                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                53442                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36995280                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts               180745                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1157163                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                10561732                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                6812365                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles      11427981                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  5960297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              1518769                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              34903210                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                  107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                326244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               883069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents             119                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           37436972                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            161085942                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       148506742                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups             3418                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             26572380                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                10864591                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            285670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        261929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3326002                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6631520                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3908381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           522508                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          782143                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  32221978                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             504989                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 34786596                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            55958                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7182504                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19112764                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        148353                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     37439208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.929149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.590514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24741126     66.08%     66.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3984374     10.64%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2311240      6.17%     82.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1973818      5.27%     88.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2779235      7.42%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             969976      2.59%     98.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             499460      1.33%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             145124      0.39%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34855      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       37439208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  19410      1.27%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     1      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1392857     91.45%     92.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               110885      7.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             8329      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             19813633     56.96%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               28024      0.08%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  5      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              5      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           386      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            5      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            11412307     32.81%     89.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3523902     10.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              34786596                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.393794                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1523153                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.043786                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         108613127                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         39914727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     28091280                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               7607                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              3993                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3398                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              36297355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   4065                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          206023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1534437                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2089                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9566                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       563640                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      5283023                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       345372                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1157163                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                5185391                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                88081                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           32809694                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            61016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6631520                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3908381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            362677                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 29698                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2464                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          9566                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        107529                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        89869                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              197398                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33871170                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             11141481                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           915426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        82727                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    14631897                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 3767155                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3490416                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.383431                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      33470061                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     28094678                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 16123172                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 29138246                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.318040                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.553334                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7139947                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         356636                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           171258                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     36281839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.700541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.737980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27358624     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4439139     12.24%     87.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1255970      3.46%     91.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       641270      1.77%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       512644      1.41%     94.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       317320      0.87%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       419851      1.16%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       310411      0.86%     97.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1026610      2.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     36281839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            20568992                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              25416928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8441824                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5097083                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      94345                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   3244670                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                      3331                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 22669662                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              295973                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              1026610                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    67290844                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   66314967                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         359753                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       50897840                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  3553970695                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   20513640                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     25361576                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total             20513640                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              4.306259                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        4.306259                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.232220                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.232220                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               157179181                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               29907517                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    46919                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   45194                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               66774204                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                297147                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1347815916500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1347815916500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1347815916500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1347815916500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
