
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.550461                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2550460850000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2550460850000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  71467                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    91959                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3022122690                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 427404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   843.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60313440                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77607116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    121110528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           504512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5067800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           293824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4027288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            131006896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       504512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       293824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          798336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3786560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1521444                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1494656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6802660                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15138816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             79220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              4591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             62932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15293488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           59165                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           380361                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           373664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               813190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47485743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              197812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1987013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker            25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              115204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1579043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51365970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         197812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         115204                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             313016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1484657                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             596537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             586034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2667228                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1484657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47485743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             197812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2583550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             115204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2165077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54033198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15293488                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       813190                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    15293488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     813190                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                978237376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                    545856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   6910336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 131006896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                6802660                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                     8529                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  705216                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4690                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              955874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              955460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              954683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              954757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              955767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              955952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              954810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              954709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              956270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              955934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             954560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             953973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             956221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             955978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             955151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             954860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                6693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                6566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2550459728500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                      44                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15138816                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  154628                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754025                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  59165                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1189211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                   1129031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                   1083368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3689725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2647408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2642045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2653706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     51340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     57140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     20388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    20349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    20322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    20287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    20234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    20199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    20166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      4924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      5663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      5378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      4936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      4909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      4915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      4840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      4820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     4806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     4777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     4773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     4768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     4749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     4738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        86806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    11348.833952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    1015.155739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   16835.722240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-71          23589     27.17%     27.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-135        14167     16.32%     43.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-199         2667      3.07%     46.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-263         2091      2.41%     48.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-327         1355      1.56%     50.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-391         1138      1.31%     51.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-455          864      1.00%     52.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-519         1120      1.29%     54.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-583          549      0.63%     54.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-647          610      0.70%     55.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-711          512      0.59%     56.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-775          456      0.53%     56.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-839          243      0.28%     56.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-903          296      0.34%     57.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-967          156      0.18%     57.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1031          592      0.68%     58.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1095          118      0.14%     58.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1159          142      0.16%     58.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1223           67      0.08%     58.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1287          249      0.29%     58.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1351           52      0.06%     58.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1415          529      0.61%     59.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1479           29      0.03%     59.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1543          292      0.34%     59.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1607           23      0.03%     59.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1671           99      0.11%     59.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1735           19      0.02%     59.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1799          187      0.22%     60.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1863           23      0.03%     60.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1927           47      0.05%     60.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1991           18      0.02%     60.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2055          308      0.35%     60.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2119            8      0.01%     60.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2183           37      0.04%     60.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2247           15      0.02%     60.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2311          167      0.19%     60.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2375            7      0.01%     60.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2439           23      0.03%     60.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2503           12      0.01%     60.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2567           29      0.03%     60.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2631           15      0.02%     60.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2695           19      0.02%     60.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2759           10      0.01%     61.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2823          208      0.24%     61.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2887           13      0.01%     61.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2951           29      0.03%     61.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3015            6      0.01%     61.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3079          407      0.47%     61.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3143           12      0.01%     61.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3207           20      0.02%     61.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3271            9      0.01%     61.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3335           80      0.09%     61.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3399           11      0.01%     61.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3463           13      0.01%     61.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3527            7      0.01%     61.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3591           84      0.10%     62.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3655           10      0.01%     62.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3719           19      0.02%     62.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3783            9      0.01%     62.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3847          152      0.18%     62.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3911            7      0.01%     62.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3975           15      0.02%     62.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4039            9      0.01%     62.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4103          349      0.40%     62.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4167           12      0.01%     62.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4231           10      0.01%     62.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4295           13      0.01%     62.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4359           21      0.02%     62.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4423           11      0.01%     62.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4487           12      0.01%     62.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4551           11      0.01%     62.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4615          184      0.21%     63.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4679           10      0.01%     63.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4743            8      0.01%     63.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4807           12      0.01%     63.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4871            8      0.01%     63.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4935            5      0.01%     63.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4999           12      0.01%     63.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5063            6      0.01%     63.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5127          273      0.31%     63.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5191            7      0.01%     63.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5255           11      0.01%     63.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5319           14      0.02%     63.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5383          208      0.24%     63.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5447           11      0.01%     63.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5511           14      0.02%     63.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5575            7      0.01%     63.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5639           73      0.08%     63.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5703            5      0.01%     63.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5767           17      0.02%     63.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5831            9      0.01%     63.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5895          138      0.16%     63.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5959            3      0.00%     63.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6023           13      0.01%     64.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6087            5      0.01%     64.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6151          459      0.53%     64.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6215            4      0.00%     64.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6279            8      0.01%     64.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6343            6      0.01%     64.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6407            9      0.01%     64.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6471            3      0.00%     64.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6535           10      0.01%     64.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6599            6      0.01%     64.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6663           12      0.01%     64.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6727           10      0.01%     64.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6791           19      0.02%     64.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6855            4      0.00%     64.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6919          133      0.15%     64.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6983            6      0.01%     64.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7047            4      0.00%     64.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7111            4      0.00%     64.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7175          263      0.30%     65.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7239            1      0.00%     65.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7303           10      0.01%     65.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7367           11      0.01%     65.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7431           14      0.02%     65.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7495            5      0.01%     65.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7559           26      0.03%     65.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7623            7      0.01%     65.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7687          188      0.22%     65.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7751            2      0.00%     65.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7815            3      0.00%     65.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7943           68      0.08%     65.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8007            5      0.01%     65.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8071            6      0.01%     65.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8135            2      0.00%     65.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8199          602      0.69%     66.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8455           64      0.07%     66.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8711          184      0.21%     66.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8896-8903            1      0.00%     66.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8967            4      0.00%     66.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9024-9031            1      0.00%     66.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9159            1      0.00%     66.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9223          261      0.30%     66.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9344-9351            1      0.00%     66.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9479          128      0.15%     66.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9536-9543            1      0.00%     66.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9600-9607            2      0.00%     66.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9735            3      0.00%     66.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9991            4      0.00%     66.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10247          451      0.52%     67.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10503           68      0.08%     67.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10759           63      0.07%     67.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11015          194      0.22%     67.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11072-11079            1      0.00%     67.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11271          259      0.30%     68.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11783          167      0.19%     68.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11968-11975            1      0.00%     68.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12039            5      0.01%     68.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12295          322      0.37%     68.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12352-12359            1      0.00%     68.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12480-12487            1      0.00%     68.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12551          135      0.16%     68.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12807           67      0.08%     68.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12864-12871            1      0.00%     68.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13063           55      0.06%     69.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13319          384      0.44%     69.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13575          185      0.21%     69.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13760-13767            1      0.00%     69.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13831            6      0.01%     69.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13952-13959            1      0.00%     69.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14087          126      0.15%     69.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14144-14151            1      0.00%     69.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14215            1      0.00%     69.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14343          259      0.30%     70.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14599          129      0.15%     70.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14855          129      0.15%     70.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15040-15047            1      0.00%     70.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15111          124      0.14%     70.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15367          385      0.44%     71.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15623            3      0.00%     71.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15879          129      0.15%     71.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16135           67      0.08%     71.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16192-16199            1      0.00%     71.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16391          642      0.74%     71.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16448-16455            1      0.00%     71.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16647           65      0.07%     72.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16896-16903          128      0.15%     72.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17159            2      0.00%     72.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17280-17287            1      0.00%     72.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17344-17351            1      0.00%     72.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17415          384      0.44%     72.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17600-17607            1      0.00%     72.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17671          123      0.14%     72.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17927          129      0.15%     72.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18183          129      0.15%     73.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18368-18375            1      0.00%     73.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18439          261      0.30%     73.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18624-18631            1      0.00%     73.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18688-18695          126      0.15%     73.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-18951            6      0.01%     73.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19072-19079            1      0.00%     73.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19207          183      0.21%     73.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19264-19271            2      0.00%     73.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19392-19399            1      0.00%     73.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19463          384      0.44%     74.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19584-19591            1      0.00%     74.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19719           55      0.06%     74.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19975           67      0.08%     74.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20231          132      0.15%     74.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20487          322      0.37%     74.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20743            6      0.01%     74.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-20999          169      0.19%     75.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21248-21255            3      0.00%     75.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21511          256      0.29%     75.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21767          195      0.22%     75.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21952-21959            1      0.00%     75.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22023           63      0.07%     75.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22279           64      0.07%     75.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22535          449      0.52%     76.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22592-22599            1      0.00%     76.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22784-22791            5      0.01%     76.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22848-22855            1      0.00%     76.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22912-22919            1      0.00%     76.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23047            3      0.00%     76.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23296-23303          129      0.15%     76.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23559          259      0.30%     76.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23616-23623            1      0.00%     76.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23815            4      0.00%     76.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23936-23943            1      0.00%     76.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24000-24007            1      0.00%     76.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24071          184      0.21%     76.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24327           65      0.07%     77.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24448-24455            1      0.00%     77.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24583          497      0.57%     77.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24839           65      0.07%     77.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25095          186      0.21%     77.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25351            4      0.00%     77.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25607          259      0.30%     78.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25792-25799            1      0.00%     78.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25856-25863          130      0.15%     78.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26119            2      0.00%     78.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26375            6      0.01%     78.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26631          449      0.52%     78.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26887           64      0.07%     78.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27143           61      0.07%     79.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27399          194      0.22%     79.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27655          258      0.30%     79.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27712-27719            1      0.00%     79.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28032-28039            1      0.00%     79.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28167          167      0.19%     79.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28352-28359            2      0.00%     79.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28423            5      0.01%     79.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28679          321      0.37%     80.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28935          130      0.15%     80.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29120-29127            1      0.00%     80.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29191           66      0.08%     80.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29376-29383            1      0.00%     80.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29447           54      0.06%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29504-29511            1      0.00%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29632-29639            1      0.00%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29703          384      0.44%     80.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29888-29895            1      0.00%     80.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-29959          186      0.21%     81.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30144-30151            1      0.00%     81.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30215            7      0.01%     81.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30336-30343            1      0.00%     81.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30471          127      0.15%     81.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30656-30663            1      0.00%     81.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30727          260      0.30%     81.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30912-30919            1      0.00%     81.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-30983          130      0.15%     81.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31239          128      0.15%     81.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31360-31367            1      0.00%     81.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31424-31431            1      0.00%     81.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31495          123      0.14%     81.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31751          385      0.44%     82.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31872-31879            1      0.00%     82.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32007            3      0.00%     82.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32064-32071            1      0.00%     82.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32256-32263          128      0.15%     82.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32519           65      0.07%     82.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32775          640      0.74%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33031           65      0.07%     83.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33287          128      0.15%     83.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33543            3      0.00%     83.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33799          386      0.44%     84.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34048-34055          123      0.14%     84.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34311          128      0.15%     84.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34368-34375            1      0.00%     84.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34567          130      0.15%     84.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34823          260      0.30%     84.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35008-35015            1      0.00%     84.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35079          126      0.15%     84.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35328-35335            8      0.01%     84.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35520-35527            1      0.00%     84.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35584-35591          185      0.21%     85.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35847          384      0.44%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35968-35975            1      0.00%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36032-36039            1      0.00%     85.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36096-36103           55      0.06%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36352-36359           67      0.08%     85.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36608-36615          130      0.15%     85.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36871          321      0.37%     86.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37120-37127            5      0.01%     86.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37376-37383          165      0.19%     86.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37504-37511            1      0.00%     86.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37895          258      0.30%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38151          194      0.22%     86.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38407           60      0.07%     87.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38656-38663           64      0.07%     87.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38784-38791            1      0.00%     87.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38919          449      0.52%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39168-39175            5      0.01%     87.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39431            3      0.00%     87.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39680-39687          128      0.15%     87.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39744-39751            1      0.00%     87.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39808-39815            1      0.00%     87.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39936-39943          257      0.30%     88.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40192-40199            4      0.00%     88.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40448-40455          186      0.21%     88.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40704-40711           65      0.07%     88.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40967          498      0.57%     88.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41216-41223           65      0.07%     89.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41472-41479          183      0.21%     89.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41600-41607            1      0.00%     89.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41664-41671            1      0.00%     89.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41728-41735            4      0.00%     89.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41856-41863            1      0.00%     89.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-41991          258      0.30%     89.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42240-42247          128      0.15%     89.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42496-42503            2      0.00%     89.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42688-42695            1      0.00%     89.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42752-42759            4      0.00%     89.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42944-42951            1      0.00%     89.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43015          450      0.52%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43136-43143            1      0.00%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43200-43207            1      0.00%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43271           65      0.07%     90.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43456-43463            1      0.00%     90.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43527           59      0.07%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43712-43719            1      0.00%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43776-43783          195      0.22%     90.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44039          257      0.30%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44224-44231            2      0.00%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44288-44295            1      0.00%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44352-44359            2      0.00%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44551          168      0.19%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44672-44679            1      0.00%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44800-44807            6      0.01%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44928-44935            2      0.00%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44992-44999            1      0.00%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45063          327      0.38%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45312-45319          131      0.15%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45575           67      0.08%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45831           55      0.06%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46087          386      0.44%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46144-46151            1      0.00%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46336-46343          185      0.21%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46592-46599            6      0.01%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46855          126      0.15%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46912-46919            1      0.00%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47111          260      0.30%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47367          129      0.15%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47616-47623          130      0.15%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47808-47815            1      0.00%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47879          122      0.14%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48000-48007            1      0.00%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48135          386      0.44%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48384-48391            1      0.00%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48640-48647          129      0.15%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48896-48903           65      0.07%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48960-48967            2      0.00%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49088-49095            1      0.00%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49159         5210      6.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49600-49607            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49664-49671            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50688-50695            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50816-50823            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51008-51015            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51136-51143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51200-51207            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51456-51463            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::52416-52423            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          86806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   369546937250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              463545387250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  76424795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                 17573655000                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       24177.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1149.74                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30326.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         383.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       51.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       3.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         1.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15213019                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     93108                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  86.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       158347.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      99.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               2.65                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     54973413                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16346095                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16346098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             59165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::LoadLockedReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::StoreCondReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::StoreCondResp             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1885939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4272691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               34550323                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16699028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     19097009                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           140207537                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              140207537                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1487746500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3620500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         17566438500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4736460824                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        34185683234                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    64398                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                51440.737713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1904463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   129791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    14.673306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2513095359500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   36974.659237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    18.382027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4864.361052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3325.264959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker    12.733963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker     0.979227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     3333.561172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2910.795705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.564189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.074224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.050740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.050866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.044415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.784923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3070                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55085                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000351                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997467                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 18926387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                18926387                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        32717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             507057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             188596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             463887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             198617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1435566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          607936                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               607936                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  36                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            60659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            52244                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               112903                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         32717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          6688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              507057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              249255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         30977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          7027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              463887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              250861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1548469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        32717                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             507057                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             249255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30977                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7027                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             463887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             250861                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1548469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             4598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                23152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1623                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1291                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2914                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          73806                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          59409                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133215                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             80116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              4598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             63835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                156367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            80116                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             4598                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            63835                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               156367                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2411500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    562480250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    472355249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1382500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        75000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    339266250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    344164000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1722292749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       162493                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       280988                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       443481                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5508293110                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4400568365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9908861475                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2411500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    562480250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5980648359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1382500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        75000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    339266250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4744732365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     11631154224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2411500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    562480250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5980648359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1382500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        75000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    339266250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4744732365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    11631154224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        32746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         514829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         194906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         468485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         203043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1458718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       607936                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           607936                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1642                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1308                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2950                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       134465                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       111653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        32746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          514829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          329371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          468485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          314696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1704836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        32746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         514829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         329371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         468485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         314696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1704836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.032375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.021798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.015871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.988429                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.987003                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.987797                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.125000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.548886                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.532086                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.541265                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.243239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.009815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.202847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.091720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.243239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.202847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.091720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 83155.172414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        79000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72372.651827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74858.201109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        98750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73785.613310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77759.602350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74390.668150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   100.118916                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   217.651433                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   152.189774                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74632.050375                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74072.419415                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74382.475510                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 83155.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        79000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72372.651827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74649.862187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        98750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73785.613310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74328.070259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74383.688528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 83155.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        79000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72372.651827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74649.862187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        98750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73785.613310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74328.070259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74383.688528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               59165                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    59165                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                82                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                82                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1623                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1291                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2914                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        73806                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        59409                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        133215                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        80072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        63811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           156285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        80072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        63811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          156285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2051500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       133500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    464320500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    391082249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1210500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    281154500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    287909500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1427924749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16231623                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12916289                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29147912                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4587475890                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3659831635                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8247307525                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2051500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       133500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    464320500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4978558139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1210500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    281154500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3947741135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9675232274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2051500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       133500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    464320500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4978558139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1210500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    281154500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3947741135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9675232274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6162749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  83808284500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  83128929250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166943376499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   8942076738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   8427643000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17369719738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       116250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       116250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        60000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        60000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6162749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  92750361238                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  91556572250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 184313096237                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.988429                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.987003                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987797                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.548886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.532086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.243106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.202770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.091672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.243106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.202770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 70741.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        66750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59796.587250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62413.381583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 86464.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61240.361577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65404.248069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61895.307716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10004.871418                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10002.715168                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62155.866596                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61603.993250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61909.751342                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 70741.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        66750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59796.587250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62176.018321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 86464.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61240.361577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61866.153720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61907.619247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 70741.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        66750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59796.587250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62176.018321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 86464.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61240.361577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61866.153720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61907.619247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    58420424                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2676760                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2676762                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           607936                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2950                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2958                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           246118                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          246118                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::StoreCondReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::StoreCondResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1968062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      5796874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        37580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       149966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7952482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     62939648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     85542385                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        54872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       254948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          148791853                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             148791853                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          207152                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4962468234                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4433875230                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4484319469                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          23911393                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          86679578                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48422959                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16322135                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16322135                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        29936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                32660590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            123500861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               123500861                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21043000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3975000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               522000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         15138816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374798000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         41495326766                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7528776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6012881                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           377531                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4829761                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                3930404                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            81.378851                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 724348                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             39225                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    25731693                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     40178                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6168711                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                    10337                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         514                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                776                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5677                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                     1369                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   257                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      641                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                25771871                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                6179048                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         31900404                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          50515                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     31950919                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     5899860                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      7207                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         514                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                776                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2688                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1562                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 5907067                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          5899860                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           7207                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      5907067                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       242297109                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          15555542                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      45617593                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7528776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4654752                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     10311247                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2439507                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     83051                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              50330649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             2002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        48587                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1491133                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          722                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  5897866                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               368478                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3041                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          79507031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.722707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.070799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                69202528     87.04%     87.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  678265      0.85%     87.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  875305      1.10%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1177307      1.48%     90.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1118218      1.41%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  557082      0.70%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1282023      1.61%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  381348      0.48%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4234955      5.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            79507031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.031072                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.188271                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                16656471                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             51363244                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  9231902                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               659908                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1593273                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved             1005882                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                91811                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              54700033                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               305616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1593273                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                17552192                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               20324540                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      27741870                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8932000                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3360998                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              52127379                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                510306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              2174045                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents             221                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           53799249                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            241745694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       220537236                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups             5112                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             39397526                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                14401722                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            594296                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        542687                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6992906                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            10039494                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6994522                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1049493                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1384753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  48432856                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1029992                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 62172633                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            89012                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9963233                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24631985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        276940                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79507031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.781977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.500620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           56951176     71.63%     71.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            7375765      9.28%     80.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3517120      4.42%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2922983      3.68%     89.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6158188      7.75%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1492282      1.88%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             793715      1.00%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             229189      0.29%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              66613      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79507031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  30271      0.68%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     2      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4195541     94.33%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               221720      4.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            15963      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29223949     47.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               47621      0.08%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  9      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              6      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1246      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            7      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26409062     42.48%     89.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6474770     10.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              62172633                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.256597                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4447534                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.071535                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         208427694                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         59435167                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     43384407                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              11467                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6219                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5237                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              66598153                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6051                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          313701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2134408                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3835                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15882                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       849708                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     17067409                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       348218                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1593273                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               15683016                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               239861                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           49569735                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           107283                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10039494                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6994522                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            730989                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 55378                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4828                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         15882                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        184147                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       145491                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              329638                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             61106002                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             26080146                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1066631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       106887                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    32497006                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 5987699                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   6416860                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.252195                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      60612995                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     43389644                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 23417175                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 43060015                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.179076                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.543826                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9791777                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         753052                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           287149                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     77913758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.469415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     63454715     81.44%     81.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7423327      9.53%     90.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1988141      2.55%     93.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1098394      1.41%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       861624      1.11%     96.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       581195      0.75%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       738806      0.95%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       351756      0.45%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1415800      1.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     77913758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            30063645                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              39268790                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14049900                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7905086                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     209983                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   5182251                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      5199                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 34974968                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              508855                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1415800                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   124579792                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   99757537                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         906870                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                      162790078                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2250741366                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   29991762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     39196907                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             29991762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              8.078789                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        8.078789                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.123781                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.123781                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               277582728                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               44079568                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    44948                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   42562                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads              138472263                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                583698                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           983976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.534971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           10503842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           984488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.669345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       7011386250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   317.535325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   193.999646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.620186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.378906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         12554064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        12554064                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5339906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5163936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10503842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5339906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5163936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        10503842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5339906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5163936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       10503842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       557837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       507875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1065712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       557837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       507875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1065712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       557837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       507875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1065712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7709624467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6833167274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14542791741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7709624467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6833167274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14542791741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7709624467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6833167274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14542791741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5897743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5671811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11569554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      5897743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5671811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11569554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      5897743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5671811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11569554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.094585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.089544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.094585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.089544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.094585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.089544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13820.568494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13454.427318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13646.080499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13820.568494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13454.427318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13646.080499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13820.568494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13454.427318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13646.080499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7635                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              377                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.251989                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          400                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        42413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        38788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        81201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        42413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        38788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        42413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        38788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       515424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       469087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       984511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       515424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       469087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       984511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       515424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       469087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       984511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6265245391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5558732594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11823977985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6265245391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5558732594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11823977985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6265245391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5558732594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11823977985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8638250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8638250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8638250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8638250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.082705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.082705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.082705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12155.517382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11850.110095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12010.000889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12155.517382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11850.110095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12010.000889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12155.517382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11850.110095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12010.000889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           643555                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.993287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           21527522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           644067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.424352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         43200250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   256.501132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   255.492155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.500979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.499008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        101636995                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       101636995                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      7028225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6743962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13772187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3755786                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3505627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7261413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       117401                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       125757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       243158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       120052                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       127593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247645                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10784011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     10249589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        21033600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10784011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     10249589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       21033600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       339066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       409132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       748198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1643950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1318126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2962076                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7538                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         6009                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13547                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1983016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1727258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3710274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1983016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1727258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3710274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5448026578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5983783737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11431810315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  84542718469                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  64782602600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 149325321069                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    108200746                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     80635496                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    188836242                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        64501                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       116501                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  89990745047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  70766386337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 160757131384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  89990745047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  70766386337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 160757131384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7367291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      7153094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14520385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5399736                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4823753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10223489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       131766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       256705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       120056                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       127597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12767027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     11976847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24743874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12767027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     11976847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24743874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.057197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.304450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.273257                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.289732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.060333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045604                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.052773                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000033                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000031                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.144216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.144216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16067.746628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14625.557857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15279.124396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51426.575303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 49147.503805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50412.386809                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14354.039002                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13419.120652                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13939.340223                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16125.250000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14562.625000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45380.745817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40970.362469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43327.563243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45380.745817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40970.362469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43327.563243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        36899                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        27773                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3449                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            287                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.698463                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    96.770035                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       607936                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           607936                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       150881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       211427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       362308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1507904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1205220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2713124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1372                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1658785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1416647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3075432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1658785                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1416647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3075432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       197705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       385890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       136046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       112906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       248952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6782                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5393                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12175                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       324231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       310611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       634842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       324231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       310611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       634842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2625949736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2626651360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5252601096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6397854586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5145719244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11543573830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     85584754                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     62638004                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148222758                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        56499                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        44000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       100499                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9023804322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7772370604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16796174926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9023804322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7772370604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16796174926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  91527403500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  90803265751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182330669251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13693631022                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  13075286221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26768917243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       155750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       155750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        96000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        96000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 105221034522                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 103878551972                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209099586494                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025195                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024351                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054282                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040929                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047428                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13954.086330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13285.710326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13611.653829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47027.142187                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45575.250598                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46368.672796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12619.397523                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11614.686445                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12174.353840                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14124.750000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12562.375000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27831.405146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25022.844020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26457.252239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27831.405146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25022.844020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26457.252239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                7298811                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          5882879                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           344498                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             4442454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                3749763                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            84.407469                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 676814                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             34330                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    25485052                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     36401                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5542090                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     8345                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         512                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                663                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    5452                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     1278                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   241                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      674                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                25521453                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5550435                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         31027142                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          44746                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     31071888                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     5673835                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      6882                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         512                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                663                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2658                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1447                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 5680717                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          5673835                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           6882                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      5680717                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       236975623                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          14429172                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      45037398                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    7298811                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4426577                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      9907364                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                2282600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     82705                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              49394158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1073                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        44118                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1230431                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          170                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  5671812                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               352198                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3013                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          76664255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.724522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.076690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                66765211     87.09%     87.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  630389      0.82%     87.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  841220      1.10%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1125492      1.47%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                  998152      1.30%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  547084      0.71%     92.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1279264      1.67%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  367549      0.48%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 4109894      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            76664255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.030800                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.190051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                15533095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             50132740                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  8857878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               647971                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1490380                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved              961231                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                85259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              52933701                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               285543                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1490380                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                16375879                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               19322833                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      27622785                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  8617835                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              3232383                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              50467558                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                596710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              2000524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents             626                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           52901652                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            233465152                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       213426027                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups             5240                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             39335356                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                13566296                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            577962                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        535418                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  6495060                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             9746539                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            6334911                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           894923                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1137674                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  46958643                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             959615                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 60863950                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            85447                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9232783                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23424311                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        229955                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     76664255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.793903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.504568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           54480181     71.06%     71.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            7304682      9.53%     80.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3460273      4.51%     85.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2866704      3.74%     88.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6125054      7.99%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1372858      1.79%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             769548      1.00%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             222824      0.29%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              62131      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       76664255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  29010      0.66%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     4      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4179738     94.96%     95.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               192807      4.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            12555      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             28808011     47.33%     47.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               45980      0.08%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 12      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              8      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           867      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            8      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26140692     42.95%     90.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5855817      9.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              60863950                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.256836                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4401559                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.072318                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         202912608                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         57159577                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     42178137                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              11121                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6181                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5062                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              65247126                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   5828                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          310626                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1995012                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2960                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15279                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       746422                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     17045290                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       332871                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1490380                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               14881654                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               224199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           48035025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            95776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9746539                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6334911                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            685011                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 49572                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5137                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         15279                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        166909                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134382                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              301291                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             59839107                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             25823960                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1024843                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       116767                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    31629946                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 5849908                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   5805986                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.252512                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      59372558                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     42183199                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 23508004                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 42759548                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.178006                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.549772                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9155270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         729660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           260542                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     75173875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.483358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     60919870     81.04%     81.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7446257      9.91%     90.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1922213      2.56%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1068282      1.42%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       820469      1.09%     96.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       498258      0.66%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       699309      0.93%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       369578      0.49%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1429639      1.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     75173875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            30400176                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              38488707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      13340016                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      7751527                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     193715                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   5124652                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      5013                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 34222153                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              482564                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1429639                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   120517356                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   96821590                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         866519                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      160311368                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  2319089759                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   30321678                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     38410209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             30321678                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              7.815386                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        7.815386                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.127953                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.127953                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               271574951                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               43566618                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    45165                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   42266                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads              132802747                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                590318                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1518508564766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1518508564766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1518508564766                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1518508564766                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83065                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
