
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.629734                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2629733911500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2629733911500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 461706                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   587514                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            20164609948                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 422284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   130.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60212552                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      76619667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    124256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           300040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4644312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           404420                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4416276                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            134021496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       300040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       404420                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          704460                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3689920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1526984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1489296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6706200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15532032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             10900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             72603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             69039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15690912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           57655                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           381746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           372324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               811725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47250505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            49                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              114095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1766077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            24                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              153787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1679362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                50963900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         114095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         153787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             267883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1403153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             580661                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             566330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2550144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1403153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47250505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           49                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             114095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2346738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             153787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2245692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53514044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15690912                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       811725                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    15690912                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     811725                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM               1004216512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   6837440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 134021496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                6706200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  704890                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4516                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              980392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              980205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              980222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              980431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              986950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              980708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              980610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              980424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              980615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              980431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             979815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             979558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             980153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             980093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             980167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             980109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                6735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                6747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                6999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               6618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2629729480000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6718                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15532032                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  152162                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754070                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  57655                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1274921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                   1118631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                   1118848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3789956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2706257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2705513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2723130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     52826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     57874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     20508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    20484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    20456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    20388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    20359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    20349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    20334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      5032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      5009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      4975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      4959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      4942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      4932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      4917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      4895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      4877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     4860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     4846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     4830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     4821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     4806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     4790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        90412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    11182.734327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    1029.544171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   16746.961445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-71          23519     26.01%     26.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-135        14711     16.27%     42.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-199         2935      3.25%     45.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-263         2119      2.34%     47.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-327         1367      1.51%     49.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-391         1185      1.31%     50.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-455          943      1.04%     51.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-519         1073      1.19%     52.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-583          614      0.68%     53.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-647          515      0.57%     54.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-711          541      0.60%     54.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-775          575      0.64%     55.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-839          297      0.33%     55.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-903          299      0.33%     56.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-967          230      0.25%     56.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1031          594      0.66%     56.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1095          170      0.19%     57.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1159          148      0.16%     57.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1223          128      0.14%     57.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1287          277      0.31%     57.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1351          134      0.15%     57.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1415         2231      2.47%     60.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1479          108      0.12%     60.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1543          229      0.25%     60.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1607           52      0.06%     60.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1671           35      0.04%     60.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1735           49      0.05%     60.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1799          107      0.12%     61.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1863           29      0.03%     61.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1927           27      0.03%     61.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1991           27      0.03%     61.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2055          349      0.39%     61.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2119           23      0.03%     61.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2183           21      0.02%     61.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2247           26      0.03%     61.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2311           89      0.10%     61.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2375           16      0.02%     61.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2439           22      0.02%     61.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2503           22      0.02%     61.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2567           90      0.10%     61.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2631           13      0.01%     61.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2695           10      0.01%     61.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2759           21      0.02%     61.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2823           65      0.07%     61.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2887           13      0.01%     61.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2951           15      0.02%     62.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3015           14      0.02%     62.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3079          339      0.37%     62.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3143           16      0.02%     62.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3207           12      0.01%     62.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3271           10      0.01%     62.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3335          148      0.16%     62.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3399            5      0.01%     62.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3463           16      0.02%     62.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3527           11      0.01%     62.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3591          140      0.15%     62.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3655           10      0.01%     62.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3719           13      0.01%     62.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3783           37      0.04%     62.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3847          139      0.15%     63.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3911           14      0.02%     63.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3975            9      0.01%     63.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4039           13      0.01%     63.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4103          357      0.39%     63.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4167            7      0.01%     63.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4231            6      0.01%     63.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4295            7      0.01%     63.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4359           77      0.09%     63.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4423            6      0.01%     63.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4487            8      0.01%     63.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4551           10      0.01%     63.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4615           79      0.09%     63.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4679            8      0.01%     63.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4743            9      0.01%     63.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4807            6      0.01%     63.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4871           18      0.02%     63.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4935            6      0.01%     63.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4999           10      0.01%     63.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5063           10      0.01%     63.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5127          276      0.31%     64.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5191            5      0.01%     64.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5255            9      0.01%     64.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5319            8      0.01%     64.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5383           76      0.08%     64.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5447          164      0.18%     64.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5511           59      0.07%     64.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5575            1      0.00%     64.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5639          301      0.33%     64.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5703            1      0.00%     64.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5895          129      0.14%     64.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5959            1      0.00%     64.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6151          456      0.50%     65.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6407           69      0.08%     65.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6535            2      0.00%     65.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6599            1      0.00%     65.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6663           68      0.08%     65.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6791            1      0.00%     65.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6919            2      0.00%     65.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7175          268      0.30%     65.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7431           68      0.08%     65.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7687          129      0.14%     66.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7943           66      0.07%     66.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8199          512      0.57%     66.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8455           67      0.07%     66.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8711          130      0.14%     66.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8967           68      0.08%     66.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9223          266      0.29%     67.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9479            2      0.00%     67.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9735           69      0.08%     67.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9991           72      0.08%     67.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10055            1      0.00%     67.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10247          456      0.50%     67.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10503          130      0.14%     68.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10759          301      0.33%     68.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11015           64      0.07%     68.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11271          271      0.30%     68.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11527            6      0.01%     68.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11584-11591            1      0.00%     68.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11783           73      0.08%     68.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11840-11847            1      0.00%     68.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12039           68      0.08%     68.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12295          341      0.38%     69.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12480-12487            2      0.00%     69.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12551          127      0.14%     69.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12672-12679            1      0.00%     69.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12807          128      0.14%     69.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13063          133      0.15%     69.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13319          322      0.36%     70.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13575           57      0.06%     70.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13831           77      0.09%     70.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14087           70      0.08%     70.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14343          324      0.36%     70.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14400-14407            1      0.00%     70.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14599           72      0.08%     70.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14855          126      0.14%     70.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15111          141      0.16%     71.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15367          387      0.43%     71.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15623           74      0.08%     71.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15879            1      0.00%     71.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16135           66      0.07%     71.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16391          651      0.72%     72.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16647           66      0.07%     72.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16960-16967            1      0.00%     72.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17024-17031            1      0.00%     72.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17159           72      0.08%     72.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17415          390      0.43%     72.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17671          142      0.16%     73.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17927          127      0.14%     73.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18183           70      0.08%     73.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18240-18247            1      0.00%     73.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18439          321      0.36%     73.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18496-18503            1      0.00%     73.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18624-18631            1      0.00%     73.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18688-18695           68      0.08%     73.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-18951           77      0.09%     73.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19072-19079            1      0.00%     73.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19207           58      0.06%     73.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19463          323      0.36%     74.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19648-19655            1      0.00%     74.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19719          131      0.14%     74.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19975          131      0.14%     74.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20231          129      0.14%     74.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20487          345      0.38%     75.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20743           68      0.08%     75.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-20999           71      0.08%     75.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21248-21255            5      0.01%     75.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21440-21447            1      0.00%     75.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21511          267      0.30%     75.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21767           64      0.07%     75.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22023          302      0.33%     75.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22279          133      0.15%     76.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22535          456      0.50%     76.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22784-22791           69      0.08%     76.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23047           68      0.08%     76.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23559          265      0.29%     77.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23815           68      0.08%     77.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24071          131      0.14%     77.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24327           65      0.07%     77.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24384-24391            1      0.00%     77.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24583          514      0.57%     77.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24839           67      0.07%     78.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25095          129      0.14%     78.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25351           67      0.07%     78.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25472-25479            1      0.00%     78.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25607          262      0.29%     78.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25792-25799            1      0.00%     78.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26119           69      0.08%     78.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26375           69      0.08%     78.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26631          455      0.50%     79.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26816-26823            1      0.00%     79.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26887          130      0.14%     79.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26944-26951            1      0.00%     79.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27143          301      0.33%     79.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27399           64      0.07%     79.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27584-27591            1      0.00%     79.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27655          267      0.30%     80.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27840-27847            1      0.00%     80.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27911            4      0.00%     80.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28167           73      0.08%     80.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28423           69      0.08%     80.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28544-28551            1      0.00%     80.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28608-28615            1      0.00%     80.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28679          341      0.38%     80.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28935          128      0.14%     80.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29191          130      0.14%     80.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29447          132      0.15%     80.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29504-29511            1      0.00%     80.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29703          322      0.36%     81.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29760-29767            1      0.00%     81.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-29959           57      0.06%     81.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30215           76      0.08%     81.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30272-30279            2      0.00%     81.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30471           68      0.08%     81.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30727          322      0.36%     81.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-30983           72      0.08%     82.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31239          126      0.14%     82.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31495          141      0.16%     82.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31616-31623            1      0.00%     82.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31751          387      0.43%     82.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32007           71      0.08%     82.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32192-32199            1      0.00%     82.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32519           67      0.07%     82.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32775          652      0.72%     83.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33031           72      0.08%     83.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33287            3      0.00%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33344-33351            1      0.00%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33543           71      0.08%     83.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33799          386      0.43%     84.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34048-34055          141      0.16%     84.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34311          125      0.14%     84.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34567           72      0.08%     84.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34823          321      0.36%     84.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35079           68      0.08%     85.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35328-35335           76      0.08%     85.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35584-35591           57      0.06%     85.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35847          321      0.36%     85.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36096-36103          131      0.14%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36352-36359          129      0.14%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36608-36615          128      0.14%     85.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36871          340      0.38%     86.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37120-37127           69      0.08%     86.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37376-37383           72      0.08%     86.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37632-37639            4      0.00%     86.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37696-37703            1      0.00%     86.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37895          269      0.30%     86.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37952-37959            1      0.00%     86.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38151           64      0.07%     86.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38407          301      0.33%     87.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38592-38599            1      0.00%     87.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38656-38663          129      0.14%     87.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38919          455      0.50%     87.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39168-39175           69      0.08%     87.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39431           67      0.07%     87.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39744-39751            1      0.00%     87.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39936-39943          262      0.29%     88.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40064-40071            1      0.00%     88.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40192-40199           67      0.07%     88.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40448-40455          129      0.14%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40704-40711           66      0.07%     88.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40967          514      0.57%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41152-41159            1      0.00%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41216-41223           65      0.07%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41472-41479          129      0.14%     89.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41728-41735           68      0.08%     89.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-41991          264      0.29%     89.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42496-42503           68      0.08%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42752-42759           69      0.08%     89.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43015          456      0.50%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43271          132      0.15%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43527          302      0.33%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43776-43783           64      0.07%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44039          267      0.30%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44096-44103            1      0.00%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44288-44295            5      0.01%     91.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44551           71      0.08%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44800-44807           68      0.08%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45063          341      0.38%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45312-45319          129      0.14%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45575          130      0.14%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45831          131      0.14%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46087          321      0.36%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46336-46343           57      0.06%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46464-46471            1      0.00%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46592-46599           74      0.08%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46855           69      0.08%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47111          320      0.35%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47296-47303            1      0.00%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47367           72      0.08%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47616-47623          128      0.14%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47879          142      0.16%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48135          391      0.43%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48384-48391           73      0.08%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48640-48647            1      0.00%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48896-48903           66      0.07%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48960-48967            1      0.00%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49024-49031            2      0.00%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49088-49095            2      0.00%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49159         5357      5.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          90412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   377428295750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              474604408250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  78454415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                 18721697500                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       24053.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1193.16                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30247.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         381.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       50.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         1.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15616374                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     90932                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  85.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       159352.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      99.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               2.38                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     54425977                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16743649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16743649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             57655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1892587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4279449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               35343513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16471440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     18869581                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           143125837                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              143125837                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1225677000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3756500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         18171612500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4990561725                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        35076949500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    62045                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                51605.891965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1699472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   127428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    13.336723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2574797983500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   38210.959857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2799.685375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3087.560110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     4221.092196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     3286.593539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.583053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.042720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.047112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.064409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.050149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.787443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        56716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997665                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 17277894                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                17277894                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         9810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             412170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             183158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        10090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         3595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             432364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             187312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1242106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          596455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               596455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            57198                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            57329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               114527                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          9810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              412170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              240356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         10090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          3595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              432364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              244641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1356633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         9810                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             412170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             240356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        10090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         3595                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             432364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             244641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1356633                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             4274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             5319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                20822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1344                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1536                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2880                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          68023                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          64953                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             132976                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              4274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             73342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             69861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                153798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             4274                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            73342                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            69861                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               153798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    306924500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    393478000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    451089750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    373371500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1525102500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       232990                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       231990                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       464980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4852191723                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4623461391                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9475653114                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    306924500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5245669723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    451089750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4996832891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     11000755614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    306924500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5245669723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    451089750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4996832891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    11000755614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         416444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         188477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         438682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         192220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1262928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       596455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           596455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1357                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1549                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2906                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       125221                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       122282                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247503                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          416444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          313698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          438682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          314502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1510431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         416444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         313698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         438682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         314502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1510431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.010263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.028221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.025533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990420                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991607                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991053                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.543224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.531174                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.537270                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.010263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.233798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.014402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.222132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.101824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.010263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.233798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.222132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.101824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71812.002808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73975.935326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71397.554606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76074.062755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73244.765152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   173.355655                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   151.035156                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   161.451389                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71331.633756                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71181.645051                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71258.370789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71812.002808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71523.407093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71397.554606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71525.355935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71527.299536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71812.002808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71523.407093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71397.554606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71525.355935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71527.299536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               57655                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    57655                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1344                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1536                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2880                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        68023                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        64953                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        132976                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        73342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        69861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           153798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        73342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        69861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          153798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    252789500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    327242500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    370964750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    312158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1263356000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13441344                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     15361536                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28802880                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3980747277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3790800609                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7771547886                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    252789500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4307989777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    370964750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4102958609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9034903886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    252789500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4307989777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    370964750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4102958609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9034903886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    344358750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  83697263750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst       842500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  82980883500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167023348500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   8440281008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   8259993501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16700274509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    344358750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  92137544758                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst       842500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  91240877001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 183723623009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990420                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991607                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991053                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.543224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.531174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.233798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.222132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.101824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.233798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.222132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59145.882078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61523.312653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58715.534979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63601.874491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60674.094708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58520.607397                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58362.209736                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58443.237020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59145.882078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58738.373333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58715.534979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58730.316042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58745.262526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59145.882078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58738.373333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58715.534979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58730.316042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58745.262526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    52790764                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2471959                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2471959                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            763424                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           763424                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           596455                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2906                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2906                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           247503                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          247503                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1725165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      5753809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        20259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        50570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7549803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     54754656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     83792621                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        28816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        79604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          138655697                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             138655697                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          169964                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4808655500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3865656500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4421145525                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          13055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          30669250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48159493                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16715360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16715360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8167                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8167                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        29936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                33447054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            126646653                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               126646653                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21043000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               527000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         15532032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374823000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         42582472500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7421892                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6825                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5624028                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1832                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                        2493                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                666                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    6408                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   143                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      218                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7428717                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5625860                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         13045920                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8657                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     13054577                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    30611798                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3559                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                        2493                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                666                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2782                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                30615357                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         30611798                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3559                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     30615357                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2628262709                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   29989968                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38153430                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             34435324                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  4807                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1060090                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      3967783                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    34435324                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         4807                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          199674548                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          37122022                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3633                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1176                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13619078                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7744657                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5874421                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2288628005.429596                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              339634703.570404                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.129224                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.870776                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83029                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           856230                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.852804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           60649877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           856742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            70.791297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      20177865250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   217.225698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   293.627106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.424269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.573490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         62363363                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        62363363                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     30194610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     30455267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       60649877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     30194610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     30455267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        60649877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     30194610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     30455267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       60649877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       417188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       439555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       856743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       417188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       439555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        856743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       417188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       439555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       856743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5699086500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6114552750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11813639250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5699086500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6114552750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11813639250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5699086500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6114552750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11813639250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     30611798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     30894822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     61506620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     30611798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     30894822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     61506620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     30611798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     30894822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     61506620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13660.715313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13910.779652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13789.011699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13660.715313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13910.779652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13789.011699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13660.715313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13910.779652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13789.011699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       417188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       439555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       856743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       417188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       439555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       856743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       417188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       439555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       856743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4863118500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5232991250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10096109750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4863118500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5232991250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10096109750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4863118500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5232991250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10096109750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    435943750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      1072500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    437016250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    435943750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      1072500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    437016250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11656.899288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11905.202421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11784.292081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11656.899288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11905.202421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11784.292081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11656.899288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11905.202421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11784.292081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           627688                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.877185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           23660968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           628200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            37.664706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        664900250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   184.764796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   327.112389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.360869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.638891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         97784872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        97784872                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6520567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6678544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13199111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4990810                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4984176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9974986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       118420                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       117773                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       236193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       124411                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       123361                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11511377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     11662720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        23174097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11511377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     11662720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       23174097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       182487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       186630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       369117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       126578                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       123831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       250409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         5990                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         5590                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11580                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       309065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       310461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        619526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       309065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       310461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       619526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2723439500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2756826750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5480266250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5861796621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5628899645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11490696266                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     80813500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     79398250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    160211750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8585236121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8385726395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16970962516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8585236121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8385726395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16970962516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6703054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      6865174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13568228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5117388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5108007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10225395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124410                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       123363                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       247773                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124411                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       123361                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     11820442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     11973181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23793623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     11820442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     11973181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23793623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024735                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048147                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045313                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046736                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14924.019245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14771.616300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14846.962481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46309.758576                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45456.304520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45887.712766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13491.402337                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14203.622540                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13835.211572                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27778.092379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27010.562985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27393.462931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27778.092379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27010.562985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27393.462931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       596455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           596455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       182487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       186630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       369117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       126578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       123831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       250409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5990                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5590                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11580                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       309065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       310461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       619526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       309065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       310461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       619526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2357134500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2382546250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4739680750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5582137379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5356296355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10938433734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     68828500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     68170750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136999250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7939271879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7738842605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15678114484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7939271879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7738842605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15678114484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  91425467750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  90647011250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182072479000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13263386492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  12973041499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26236427991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 104688854242                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 103620052749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208308906991                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024735                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024489                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048147                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045313                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046736                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12916.725575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12766.148261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12840.591872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44100.375887                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 43254.890577                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43682.270741                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11490.567613                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12195.125224                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11830.677893                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25688.032870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24926.939632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25306.628752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25688.032870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24926.939632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25306.628752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     7578222                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      7256                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5608824                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1858                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                        2493                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                773                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    6698                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   144                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      234                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 7585478                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5610682                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         13187046                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           9114                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     13196160                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    30894839                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      3806                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                        2493                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                773                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2929                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                30898645                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         30894839                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           3806                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     30898645                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2631205114                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   30222584                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     38466237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             34785148                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5462                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1080322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      3981720                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    34785148                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         5462                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          201769035                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          37410979                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3860                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1604                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     13781482                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7919681                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   5861801                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2292298207.924829                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              338906906.075172                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.128803                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.871197                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1557253805500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1557253805500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1557253805500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1557253805500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
